By the end , in our bit , there was 20 tables , only two of them United and the other 18 all Pompey , standing on the chairs and tables , completely pissed , all in suits , singing. ' Portsmouth lost 4-1 , but it was a great day out .
He decided to settle in the city in preference to other places he played in : his native London ( Crystal Palace ) or Leeds ( ' no way ' ) .
' It 'll cost 200 quid a game to get in , but it 's the only way to get a ticket and have a good day out on the piss , ' Hearn says .
Think back to what the corporate makeover people , and many of today 's fans , would regard as the bad old days. Promotion will bring to the world 's most glamorous football league those such as Mark Dewing , cabbie and co-organiser of the Pompey independent supporters club , who says : ' Portsmouth proudly presents to the Premier League a ground where away fans get pissed on in the rain and yuppies from Man United will be sitting in the worst seats they 've ever sat in .
It is a doubt to me if there is such another collection of demons upon the whole earth. ' The quotation is selected with relish in a new book , Rolling with the 6.57 , about the gang who take their name from the time of the first train up to London on a Saturday , with connections north in time for a drink and a punch-up .
The volume has sold well , aided by a campaign in the local paper headlined : ' We Do n't Want Thug Book Here ' .
I 'm a patriot who loves my Queen and country. ' For the general election of 1987 , the 6.57 even had its own candidate in Portsmouth South , Marty ' Docker ' Hughes .
Eddie Crispin recalls : ' We piled the bikes up outside a pub and told a load of Japanese and American tourists it was our art project .
So they all starts taking photographs ... ' Police forces around the country will be relieved to hear that Silvester is pessimistic about the 6.57's prospects for causing mayhem in the Premiership .
' We used to take 10,000 to an away game , of which you 'd have a thousand willing to start off .
I went to the bar and the manager told me I had 18 pints , paid for , from people who , shall we say , did n't want to be seen hanging around .
Either too scared or just think that 's how life is ; these women 's mothers were going through the same. ' There have been surveys , says Hurley , in which citizens described their birthplace as ' aggressive and tribal ' , while a group of young people were asked what frightened them most .
Hurley has a friend from France , Liliane Hewitt , who married an Englishman and recalls : ' I moved to a terraced house [ in Portsmouth ] and thought " This is going to be fantastic .
Mick , a key member of the 6.57 , says : ' It 's an old-fashioned working-class town with an old-fashioned working-class team followed by old-fashioned working-class fans. ' Mandaric is equally emphatic that Portsmouth 's hallmark of rowdiness is a thing of the past .
' They do what they like. ' But the young Turks have learnt some of the 6.57's code of so-called honour : ' We do n't take liberties , ' explains Casey .
' There are rules and regulations .
There 's even room to sit , until the Fareham Urban Guerillas board the train .
The change is at Southampton , but no trouble : just a friendly warning that ' Scummers , Scummers , ' ere we come ; Scummers , ' ere we come ' .
The club changed to discreet dark blue in 1909 .
5 Robert Blyth was a player , captain , manager , director , vice-chairman and , finally , chairman between 1925-34 .
The headliner on the Friday night will be James Blunt , who has moved swiftly from a career in the army ( where he was part of the NATO peace-keeping troops in Kosovo ) , via a thrilling performance at SXSW ( a top industry showcase for new music which takes place in the US each year ) to a top five debut album. ìBack to Bedlamî has been steadily working it 's way up the charts ñ the fruit no doubt of support slots with Elton John , an appearance on ìLater With Jools Hollandî and regular airplay on national radio for stunning tracks from the album such as ìBeautifulî .
Winners of both the NME & Q ìBest New Bandî Award , Razorlight have experienced huge success , from their working with legendary producer Steve Lillywhite ( U2 , Talking Heads ) , through to the band decamping to Cornwall 's own Sawmills Studio , where they produced a stunning debut album ìUp All Nightî with hits like ìGolden Touchî and ìViceî showcasing the band 's talent .
Support on this night comes in the form of rock act Rooster , who will be releasing their next single ìDeep and Meaninglessî on July 4 , taken from their debut album , which stormed to number four in the charts in January of this year .
Although promotional techniques are used to encourage usage by a particular target audience , they should not be used on those that are vulnerable and at such a crucial stage of health and development .
Such a typical lunchbox meal adds up to approximately 3 g of salt4 , equivalent to the total target daily salt intake for a 4 - 6 year old.5 CASH surveyed 23 items used in children 's lunchboxes .
Over 80 % used a combination of marketing techniques , including packaging , positioning , promotion and price , to enhance sales .
These included ; web-based promotions , such as design your own dairy-lea movie or an interactive web-enabled competition ; text-messages ; competitions , such as win a year 's pocket money high profile endorsements , such as Gary Lineker cartoon endorsements such as the Simpsons , in-pack promotions , including games and colouring in health claims such as high in Ca , equivalent to one glass of milk convenient packaging , with ' ideal for lunches ' or combination lunch packs TV advertisements specifically aimed at children , vouchers for schools , discounts such buy 2 for the price of three multi-buy packs .
The liking for salty foods is a learned taste preference set in childhood and so encouraging children to eat high levels of salt sets the seeds for vascular disease , increasing the risk of developing stroke and heart disease later in life .
It is successfully working to reach a consensus with the food industry and Government over the harmful effects of a high salt diet , and bring about a reduction in the amount of salt in processed foods as well as salt added to cooking , and the table .
The usual sequence for a UNIX client is something like this : The application executes a call to " gethostbyname( ) " ( a standard library function , which is linked into the libc on almost any UNIX platform). gethostbyname( ) in glibc ( Linux libc version 6.x ) is implemented to look at the contents of your /etc/nsswitch.conf file , and apply a set of rules from that to load NSS ( name services systems ) libraries .
Entries in /etc/nsswitch.conf will refer to these libraries ( take the basename of the library file and trim off the " libnss " prefix to relate library name to the nsswitch.conf keyword ) .
This is the architecture I recommend. i ca n't seem to find the answer in various o'reilly books. of course , someone walked off with the DNS one. the reason i ask is that i 'm trying to write a cisco access list which blocks all traffic to my subnet. i still want to talk to the nameservers though , which are on another subnet. note : i do n't even have access to the router. i 'm just trying to make it easy for the overworked network guys to put this filter in place .
Note that this requires that you configure your caching name server so that it never " forwards " DNS requests ( tells the client to go ask a different server ) .
This is done by configuring the caching name server with it 's own " forwarders " directive ( providing it with a list of some nearby " better connected " nameservers ) , and by using the " slave " directive in BIND 8.x .
The nameserver should answer back to the source port of the query. i ca n't seem to find the answer in various o'reilly books. of course , someone walked off with the DNS one. the reason i ask is that i 'm trying to write a cisco access list which blocks all traffic to my subnet. i still want to talk to the nameservers though , which are on another subnet. note : i do n't even have access to the router. i 'm just trying to make it easy for the overworked network guys to put this filter in place .
Port Number Selection Replies to all queries must be directed to the port from which they were sent .
Replies should always be sent from the port to which they were directed .
If your goal is to allow outside resolvers and servers to query your own name servers , then you need to allow port 53 , both UDP and TCP , through to the IP address of your name server , e.g. , access-list ### permit udp host ip.of.name.server eq domain any access-list ### permit tcp host ip.of.name.server eq domain any Why tcp ?
But this is wrong because it neglects the case where TCP is called into play because the UDP response is too big for a single packet , and then things will begin to fail in strange ways .
It 's easier , by the way , to provide access as in the first examples I list above because you 're explicitly allowing the access to domain name service on the name server on the inbound interface .
Changes in UK Copyright Laws ( Back to Top ) Copyright now subsists in the work of a writer until the end of the seventieth year following his or her death , rather than the end of the fiftieth year as hitherto and works which were considered to be out of copyright have been brought back into protection and become liable for royalty payment when performed if the author has been dead for less than seventy years .
Performances that take place in one 's own home and under certain conditions in hospitals and institutions can be domestic ; but it is not safe to assume that they are invariably so .
Payment of the fee and obtaining the licence after the event will be subject to a 50 % surcharge Video Recordings ( Back to Top ) It should not be assumed that any play may be video recorded for whatever purpose without first obtaining the permission of the appropriate agents .
Writers Terms and Conditions ( Back to Top ) By registering your works with comedyplays.co.uk you give Comedy Plays the right to issue copies of scripts for performance and authorise third parties to perform said works .
Comedy Plays will issue licenses , collect fees and pay the appropriate Royalties fourteen days after such payment has been received .
All rights to issue performance authorisation reverts back to the author and all copies of scripts will be returned .
Comedy Plays reserve the right to remove any work without prior notice to the author should any work be deemed to be offensive to any group , race , culture , religion , organisation , person or persons or if it is deemed to be libellous to any of the aforementioned or in anyway considered unsuitable for this site .
The Red Lion , Preston nr Hitchin in Hertfordshire , has the distinction of being owned by the village .
In 1998-1999 , 69 % of the revenue and taxes raised from the tourist industry came from tourists whose holidays were spent on cruise ships sailing up and down the Gulf of Alaska .
Whilst this was not related to tsunami damages , the example provides a good illustration since much of the damage sustained by the tourist sector in Anguilla related to the sea surge flooding associated with the hurricanes .
One of the less well publicised stories about Miss Grainger is that her first attempt at sculling was in Aberdeen , in 1997 ; she capsized twice in the first 10 minutes ( but blames a seal for putting her off ). Winning a Silver Medal in the Olympic Quad in Sydney 3 years later was a pretty reasonable recovery , really ... Oh , and speaking of Pubs and Clubs events , that other more financially selective version has started in the South East and Sir Fatt is spreading the love with his Top Tips ( some of you lot could probably benefit from reading these ) HOT AND COLD As if Friday was n't hot enough , temperatures recorded in the South East over the weekend were hotter than Miami and whilst this provided great conditions for lounging around watching racing , it was n't very comfortable for the officials and competitors at HWRÖ not to mention that the insects were out and biting as much as they could .
Unfortunately the low points level of the intermediate categories is simply encouraging coaches with good crews to stop them from racing at other regattas , so they can race down rather than up ( points limbo dancing )ñ this means that you see crews which could quite easily win enough points to be in the higher categories if they wanted to , racing alongside crews which really are of S3 standard .
And , when you see an 8 that won it 's 1st heat by 5 lengths get beaten by 4 lengths in the next round , you start realising why this is n't doing anyone any favours .
Indeed , even those that try to do the right thing can live to regret it - The Vesta crew were kicking themselves for racing up last year ñ as in 2004 they had been eligible on paper to enter Intermediate 8's but had done the ì honest thing î by entering the Senior event , which they then went on to win forcing them to race in Elite 8's this year ( the only british crew who did ) .
They took out Durham and Furnivall en route ñ both of which would n't have been out of place in the senior event either ñ but then , that 's what careful points management during the rest of the year can do for you ... An impressive IC crew won intermediate IVs after knocking out their main opposition , Mortlake , in their semi-final but MAA did manage two other wins ( in Elite pairs and the Lwt 2X ) .
If you 're after the full results , then they 're available at www.hwr.org.uk/admin/user_race_table.asp , ( in a rather web user unfriendly format ) U3 Parrs Priory may have got a name check , but sources at Vesta confides that obviously U2 have chosen their favourites for success at HRR : And ( more disturbingly ) it looks like the new Vesta-rization machine for new members has just completed its trials and is due to go into production for all new members joining in September : Scarey stuff ... U2 U2 were playing Twickenham stadium on Sunday night , and at one point in the show the crowd were asked to text their name to a number in support of the Africa campaign .
And then in the middle of all these names of people you 've never heard of , suddenly " Parrs Priory " scrolls across ... Some people spend too much time thinking about rowing !
The Environment Agency asked for the buoys round the back of Temple Island to be moved out , to enlarge the rowing channel - after they nearly got run over by the Upper Thames 8 , who came steaming up in the wrong place , then got bollocked by a certain " grumpy " official , and finally went too far the other way and ran into one of the umpires launches waiting before the start ... As the official in question finished ranting at them for not knowing better , a shout of " Calm down Bill , it 's only a regatta ... " could be heard coming from one of the other umpire 's launches , followed by much laughter ... The last race of the day , was an " invitation " event - which was actually carefully staged for filming on behalf of the river and rowing museum .
The event was supposed to be carefully planned so that everyone knew what was going to happen and the outcome predetermined , however.... the UTRC crew , although coxless , were racing in a stern coxed boat - except instead of a cox they had a camera and a 20kg weight ... Alas this was n't quite heavy enough to ensure that the rudder was in the water , which made steering a bit of a problem , and the two crews managed to change stations during their " race " ... FIN .
There 's quite a lot of driftwood in the Tideway at the moment ... And the attached photographs illustrate just what can happen when you run into it , at speed , in an eight ... ( the boat was otherwise OK ) COX PIMPING The slug was having a chew on the interweb recently after the little twitchy feelers started to pick up vibes from the Take Me To Dinner website - which is a spin off of the quickly closed down www.oxbridge-escorts.com .
The website is aimed at people who are too busy to meet people the old fashioned way and would rather just fork out money for someone they like the sound of to go to dinner with them .. .
Nothing wrong with that , however , although their first eight are guaranteed a place ( as every college has the right to have at least one men 's and one women 's crew take part ) , they realised that their 2nd eight had about as much chance of qualifying as the proverbial snowball in hell , so they came up with a cunning plan... they would get most of their first men to race as their second boat in the Getting on race .. .
Alas , the best laid plans of mice and students often go awry , and they er , not only failed to qualify but would have possibly failed to qualify for the women 's event ( They managed 9.13 vs the fastest non-qualifying women 's crew time of 9.20 ). It seems their captain assumed they 'd get their triallists back for Mays , but out of three strong rowers and the Blue Boat cox , they 've got precisely... one -- in their 6 seat , a World record holder in the M4- and Blue Boat stroke .
Tut , tut... would never have happened in my day ... NORTH SOUTH DIVIDE Private university grudge matches seem to be a growing trend , and one of the latest additions to the racing calender is the North Vs South Challenge between Queens University , Belfast and Trinity College Dublin aka the " Lomac Tiles University Boat Race " ( well every proper university challenge needs a sponsor no matter how odd... ) The event , which took place for the first time in 2004 , had it 's second outing again on Saturday .
Luckily since the introduction of the lock a number of years ago , it does n't smell as bad as it used to... though there is still a healthy spattering of locals who are always happy to throw things at passing rowers ... Anyway , the nippy Norn Iron crew , managed to avenge last year 's defeat by Trinity , winning both the men 's and women 's senior races .
" When humanity 's first manned mission to Mars ends in disaster thanks to the Hood , International Rescue are called in to supervise the remount .
At the press conference , each of the five astronauts is seated behind a table as are the journalists on the other side of the room .
Zero-X takes off , accompanied by Thunderbird 2. The helicopter attacks FAB 1 , but Parker manages to dodge all of the shots and , as the helicopter moves in for another attack , Parker shoots back .
He wants to take Tin-Tin out to the mainland as well but there is only so much that Jeff is willing to tolerate .
Newman reports that he will have the main body in the correct rendezvous position in four minutes ; the vehicle cannot take off beforehand .
Fired on in all directions , the take-off is only just successfully achieved .
John has reported that the ship is undamaged and Jeff has spoken to the controller who believes that ladning will be smooth given the number of test runs the astronauts have been through .
Scott sets up Mobile control and directs Thunderbird 2 to the correct course .
Certainly worth watching , although as a special episode it really should have featured some Thunderbird 2 pod vehicles .
1. An obligatory mirror : a. missing or insecure b. so damaged or deteriorated that the view to the rear is seriously impaired c. does not provide a view to the rear of the vehicle d. not clearly visible from the drivers seat , or incapable of being adjusted to be clearly visible from the drivers seat .
Goal : every single item has its own place , and each place is labeled with the name of the item it contains .
Use all five senses to spot things that are out of place or unclean , so that you can correct them .
When the Dark Knight encounters a young boy whose parents have been murdered ( echoing the tragedy that created Batman himself ) , it raises fundamental questions about his own life .
Combining traditional comic-book storytelling and the illustrated-text format of storybooks , Dini and Ross have created a worthy successor to SUPERMAN : PEACE ON EARTH , one that stands on its own as an indisputable classic .
Home Improving Services Selected cases -- Parliamentary Selected Cases and Summaries of Completed Investigations - October 1998 - March 1999 Rural Development Commission Parliamentary Commissioner for Administration Sixth Report Session 1998-99 Volume 2 OCTOBER 1998 - MARCH 1999 The full report of selected cases Summary of other investigations completed RURAL DEVELOPMENT COMMISSION Case No. C.540/99 Misadvice about a redundant buildings grant ( RBG ) Business advisers to one of RDC 's local offices encouraged Mr N to make a formal application for a RBG to convert a derelict building for use by HM Coastguard .
Another RDC office then rejected the RBG application , principally because RBGs cannot be awarded for premises to be used by public sector agencies .
The city is only 75 minutes from London by train , 30 minutes from East Midlands airport and 45 minutes from Birmingham airport by car .
The Leicester Riders basketball team play at Granby Halls and Leicester Panthers American football team are at Saffron Lane which is also the site of the city 's velodrome , cycle speedway and athletics track .
On New Walk , the eighteenth century walkway from the city centre to Victoria Park , you will find the New Walk Museum and Art Gallery .
National Space Centre Environment There are plenty of green spaces in Leicester , including Victoria Park , which borders the University campus , Abbey Park where Cardinal Wolsey once lived , Knighton Park with its nature reserve , and of course the University 's Botanic Garden adjacent to the halls of residence .
The book will be the definitive men 's cancer guide ñ not only is the content comprehensive but the design is also well-suited to a male readership .
SET OF SLITS AND GRATINGS - 9 slides ( TE 219 ) * Each set of 9 slides contains:- * Six slides of 1 to 6 slits - each slit having the same nominal width of 0.06 mm and separation of 0.20 mm * Three gratings to match the slits : Grating 1 has 40 lines per cm , the space being 0.06 mm and line 0.20 mm Grating 2 has 40 lines per cm , the line being half the width of grating 1 and the width correspondingly greater Grating 3 has 80 lines per cm , the space being 0.03 mm and line 0.10 mm The slits and gratings are protected from damage by two glass plates
There is a detailed biography and chronology of his life , a gallery with a list of all paintings , a photo gallery , a detailed bibliography and many references , a FAQ section and an Online-Forum , recent fakes and more .
From 227 - May 2002 ( Bargaining Report , May 2002 ) Where to take claims Many workers have contracts that require them to work in a European Union state different from their country of origin .
If they are unfairly dismissed or otherwise have action taken against them they need to know which country it is that they can pursue their claim in .
In an effort to help Laurie and her family with the costs of this treatment , the motocross community has rallied together to start a donation and collection drive .
If you wish to contribute to this , please do not hesitate to make a contribution to the following bank account : Beneficiary : Laurie Squirrell Bank : Barclays Bank Sort code : 20 82 75 Account Number : 70820342 Branch : Stow Market / Needham Market SWIFT Code ( for transfers from overseas ) : BARCGB22 Charity auctions will be held on eBAY with rider equipment having been donated by a large number of professional riders in the sport .
By clicking on the shops page you will be able to view their current stock lists and if you cannot see what you are after , please try our fish finder service and we will inform you by e-mail when your fish are in stock .
Vehicle Type Matching Chances are you 're operating several different vehicle types such as cars , estates , MPVs& mini-buses and matching the job requirements to a suitable vehicle isvitally important for your company to run efficiently and profitably .
Naturally , this is not based upon a mainstream scientific paradigm , but Ellis Taylor argues that it works nonetheless , having spent many years discovering numerical correlations between words and names .
In the book , he uses the name Tony Blair as his central example , and shows how the usage of dates important to the Prime Minister establish a pattern in his life .
Polyvinyl Chloride ( PVC ) - Worldwide , around 30 million tonnes of PVC is produced annually - about one fifth of total plastic production .
In the UK , the industry employs around 50,000 people across the manufacture and processing sectors .
" As a result of the questions raised about hazardous substances in PVC , the health risks of certain PVC products , and the management of PVC waste , some EU Member States reacted with " precautionary " legislation on the use of additives .
It examined mechanical and chemical recycling of PVC waste , the environmental hazards of alternative options of incineration or landfill of PVC , and the economics of PVC waste management .
In this case , according to European Commissioner Erkki Liikanen , the Green Paper was to initiate a broad public debate at European level that would be all-embracing and multi-sectoral .
The EU 's Framework Research Programme could possibly help fund this. ï Substitution options - there were calls for the Commission to do a comparative analysis of the impact of alternative products , with a view to replacing with substitutes the more dangerous substances such as lead , cadmium and some phthalates - even PVC itself for some applications. ï New member states - calls for the inclusion and involvement of the PVC industry in the new member states Finally , and probably most importantly ï Legislation - MEPs expressed doubts about whether a voluntary commitment would be sufficient to prevent the dispersion of cadmium and lead into the environment .
Now a programme for the eventual phasing out of lead in PVC by 2015 has been set in place , and so far interim targets have been met .
Due to the long lifespan of PVC , up to 50 years , a significant increase of PVC waste quantities is expected to start around 2010 .
" I know the industry has invested in research into recycling technologies and the collection of waste , but even more money and time needs to be put into this research .
It is considered by stakeholders as an example , not only in Europe but also at a global level - an example of an industry uniting voluntarily in order to make progress towards sustainable development .
However , in my view , this has worked to the advantage of the PVC industry and should not be seen as a hindrance .
But only if you find someone looking for a diamond , and they have not already found us !
To book a place , please call the Box office on 01584 878141 .
Autumn sessions start Monday 18 September Oscars Ages 7 -11 , 5 - 7pm Ages 12+ , 7 - 9pm £ 35 per term ( £ 20 concession ) Get Moviní on a Tuesday Try out jazz , street , hip hop , and contemporary dance , even if you have never done dance before .
Ypu will also get the chance to showcase your skills at our end of term youth club night , B-Last Autumn sessions start Thursday 21 September Studio Ages 8+ , 5 - 6.30pm £ 30 per term ( £ 15 concession ) Shake it on a Friday Shake , Rattle ní Roll in this hour of fun music and movement with exciting instruments and songs .
Autumn sessions start Wednesday 20 September ( September sessions will take place on Wednesdays , from October onwards they will return to Fridays ) Oscars Ages 0 - 4 , 10 - 11am £ 2 Get SMart on a Saturday Art club with opportunities for painting , clay work , collages and much more creative fun .
This is a relatively small vessel which lies ' keel-up ' on the seabed , the visible remains measure around 12 meters in length .
Samples of the planking have been taken for dendrochronological analysis .
Just saying " a free trade deal " we avoid the fatal mistake of joining the EEA , whose Treaty is thicker than the Treaty of Rome , complete with amendments .
So a " free trade deal " simply means saying to the EU " We will not tax your goods if you do not tax ours .
Most important that we do not talk about joining the EEA , which is halfway to membership .
It is possible that Brussels will reject a real free trade deal .
Getting rid of the CAP would allow us to return to the rational pattern of agriculture adopted after tractor farming came to what were then called " the Dominions " and the USA .
Bees are valued not only for the honey and wax that they produce , but also for the pollination service that they provide to the majority of crops and wild flowers , which runs into hundreds of million pounds in the UK .
EA has revealed more than 20 game titles that round out its 2006 line-up .
Whether your passion is for sports or action , whether you play online or on a mobile phone , our development teams have created something special for you,‚Äù said Paul Lee , President , EA Studios. ‚ÄúInvestments we‚Äôve made in online , mobile , sports games and new intellectual properties are starting to pay off .
In the year ahead , consumers will see ESPN content integrated into our sports games , they‚Äôll see innovative online experiences like Warhammer and Battlefield 2142 and console games like Need For Speed Carbon will pioneer new technologies on next generation and current gen systems,‚Äù said Frank Gibeau , Executive Vice President , General Manager , North America Publishing. ‚ÄúThis year‚Äôs line-up is the best , most diverse ever,‚Äù said Gerhard Florin , Executive Vice President , General Manager International Publishing. ‚ÄúConsumers are about to see the true next generation of interactive entertainment on consoles , handheld devices , mobile phones and online .
As the appetite for interactive entertainment steadily grows around the world , EA‚Äôs broad offering of content and formats will give gamers everywhere great reasons to play.‚Äù Whether it is on the ice , the football field or the basketball court , the EA SPORTS‚Ñ¢ line-up has never delivered a more authentic athletic performance .
BRITOOL ND251D COMB SPANNER SET ( 14 ) 3/8-1.1/4AF Ref : BRIND251D This combination wrench set of 14 spanners have a broached ring at one end and an open jaw at the other , with both ends the same size .
The Tools have been designed to Teng 's own specifications , which meet or exceed British , European or federal standards .
1958 It took until 1958 for legislation imposing protective tariffs to be repealed and replaced by a single comprehensive measure , the Import Duties Act , which had long been advocated by the Association .
1961 In 1961 , the Government introduced a General Licence covering imported dyestuffs and their chemical intermediates ending more than forty years of import controls by individual licence .
" In addition to their leadership in PC-based motion control products and network technology , MEI also has strong relationships with several leading OEM machine-builders in Japan , which will help us to strengthen our sales and marketing efforts in this important manufacturing region , " he adds .
Phil Strong , MEI 's chief executive , will head Danaher 's newly formed Motion Control Systems Centre of Excellence , in California .
Danaher 's acquisition of Neff builds on a long-standing relationship between the companies , under which Neff has used Danaher 's Kollmorgen servo motors and drives , combined with its own linear products , to offer complete motion systems .
Holiday brochures often speak of Antigua as not so much an island with beaches , but more of ' a beach with an island in the middle. ' The tourist board likes to point out that Antigua has 365 beaches , ' one for every day of the year ' - and one of them , they say , is the only beach at which Queen Elizabeth ever went into the sea .
You can charter yachts for days at a time to tour some of the neighbouring islands , or hire a boat for a day 's deep sea fishing .
Jammy has given us rare and previously unreleased dub plate specials which give the album an exceptional and authentic Jamaican dancehall feel .
A modern computer cannot function without at least one hard disk drive ( HDD ) containing copies of the operating system and the applications it runs .
But , even though most of them only have a one-year warranty now instead of the three-year warranty that was previously the standard , there is now no such thing as a bad hard drive , so , for ordinary home use , you will not suffer if you buy a drive made by IBM , Samsung , Fujitsu , or any other manufacturer .
It is not too improbable a set of circumstances that your computer could be stolen and the police recover it and examine the hard drive forensically to find out if the original owner 's name can be found , and you then get arrested for having illegal images on it .
The installation of SCSI drives is more complicated than an IDE drive , because each SCSI device has to be given an ID number , and the devices on each end of a daisy chain of devices has to be ' terminated ' so that the computer knows where the chain begins and ends , so , if you do n't know how to do that , make sure that you buy a boxed product that comes with an installation manual .
Windows will load the IDE device drivers automatically , so all you require is a bare drive with the four screws needed to attach it to one of the 3.5 inch bays in the case .
Look further down this article to see an image comparing the two types of ribbon cable .
Note that you can purchase bay conversion units that allow you to fit 3.5 inch hard drives in 5.5 inch bays that usually only house CD/DVD drives .
A serial ATA ( SATA ) hard drive has its own much thinner cable that can only be used with one drive .
Most recent 7200RPM high-speed IDE ATA drives generate a significant amount of heat , which is a major cause of drive failure .
How to configure and install a hard disk drive ( HDD ) Installing disk drives in the drive bay of a computer 's case and attaching them to the motherboard and the power supply unit with the correct cables is n't difficult , but it should be done properly and with care .
I spaced the drives apart and then only after cutting back some of the rubber shield would they bend enough to fit on the drives , if I had the drives right next to each other they just wo n't bend enough .
Bare OEM hard drives usually do n't come with screws or cables , so purchase the correct screws from the dealer if you did n't get a packet of screws with your case .
" Although you can mount hard disk drives in any position you like , I prefer to mount them horizontally with the label on the top and the printed circuit board ( PCB ) on the bottom .
In the first case , for older drives , the ribbon cable has a red line down one edge that has to be connected to the side of the connection socket where Pin 1 is located , which is usually the side closest to the power connector 's socket .
In the colour image of a hard drive above , you can see the cutting for the " key " in the IDE connector on the far right .
IDE cables are now usually , but not always , keyed so that they fit only one way into the motherboard or the drive itself .
If this is the case , there is a large ridge in the middle of each connector and a smaller ridge at each end that matches a cutting on the IDE connection points on the motherboard and the drive itself .
The ridges can clearly be seen on the underside of the 80-conductor IDE cable shown in the image below .
The manual , supplied with the drive or downloaded from the web , will provide mounting and installation instructions .
But , in a tower case , if the drive bay is fixed in it , there will probably be a gap in the plate to which the motherboard is fixed that will allow you to screw in the screws from that side .
When installing a boot drive that contains the operating system ( Windows , Linux , etc. ) , you get a 40-conductor ribbon cable the correct way round by attaching the side of the ribbon cable that has the red line running down its length to Pin 1 of the Primary IDE Channel , which is illustrated in the motherboard 's manual .
- See the coupled images above , one of which is a drawing , that illustrate this .
The image below shows the connection points on a motherboard for four SATA hard drives .
If you are using the 80-conductor ATA 66 cable that allows the Cable Select ( CS ) option on the drive to determine its status by its position on the cable , you obviously cannot place any drive on any connector as with the master-slave option , because it is the drive 's position on the cable that configures it .
If you have an old hard drive that does not support DMA ( Direct Memory Access ) , you should not enable it for a drive on the same cable - a hard drive or CD drive - that does support it - unless the motherboard 's chipset and IDE drivers support independent timing , because you are likely to experience problems that might be very difficult to rectify .
But if you have a UDMA2 ( ATA 33 ) hard disk drive , or higher , which supports DMA , and which is also running on a motherboard that supports DMA , and if the motherboard 's chipset supports independent timing , which all relatively new motherboards do , you will be able to install a drive that does not support DMA ( only supports the PIO modes of operation ) on the same cable , and have DMA enabled for the drive that supports it .
You will have to reboot for the change to take affect .
If the system is using its proper Windows mode of operation , the message , " Your system is configured for optimal performance " will show on the Performance tab of System Properties instead of the warning that Windows is using MS DOS compatibility mode .
If you have an earlier hard disk drive that supports only the PIO modes of operation up to PIO 4 , you should not enable the DMA option for that drive , because it will not be able to use a busmaster IDE driver , and as such will cause problems that will probably involve having to boot in Safe mode to disable the DMA setting , or remove the IDE busmaster drivers in order to reinstall the proper ones .
You can purchase PCI cards that allow extra IDE drives to be fitted over and above the four that can be fitted to most motherboards .
CD / DVD / Floppy Disk Drives An IDE ( ATAPI ) CD or DVD drive is connected ( often appropriately configured by a jumper on the drive itself as master or slave drive ) to one of the free connectors of the two IDE cables connected to the Primary and Secondary IDE Channels on the motherboard .
A CD or DVD drive has to be placed in a bay in the front of the case so that its face shows through one of the outlets that are the same size as the drive .
The levels of vibrations that a hard drive will ignore will eventually cause your CD/DVD burner 's lens to go off axis .
- See the image below .
Note that if a hard drive 's LED light on the front of the case , or the LED light on the FDD remain lit when the PC is first switched on , this usually means that the cable is the wrong way round - that the side of the cable without the red line along its length is connected to Pin 1 on the motherboard , or that side is connected closest to the power cable on the drive .
So make sure that the plugs are pushed all the way into their sockets on the motherboard and the drive .
Two hours later , vans from EDF Energy were evident in the street but the office was still a dark , hot , useless place to be .
Guardian technology correspondent Bobbie Johnson called to get our version of events on Tuesday and he spent quite some time talking to me about the background to our stories ‚Äì they arose directly from comments made by IT Week readers , of course .
We‚Äôve received precisely two letters praising Fast ( one from a Fast member ) , and one letter wondering what all the fuss might be about ( from a law firm , where it seems Fast‚Äôs salespeople could quite possibly have been more cautious than normal ) .
The title track , ' Soliloquy ' , is introduced with a tinkling piano sound which leads us towards the pensive vocals - this is another beautiful song with a starkly simple accompaniment .
The simplicity continues through the first verse of ' A Little Justice ' , then the rhythm picks up and from here on the backing track track features a driving beat racing along , under the Hammond organ , through to the much more bluesy feel of this song 's finale .
It 's got fabulous harmonies , some great souring keyboards , a wonderfully spine tingling middle eight and a balmy chorus that will warm the cockles of your heart - a lovely lovely song .
Right from the beginning , ' No More Time For Your Love No More ' has a very bluesy sound , with some superb tinkling ivories over a throbbing bass line , supporting the laid back vocals .
Both of these options will only get you a trade price but will allow you to sell quickly with the minimum amount of work .
Car Auctions An auction is a great place to find bargains and buy yourself a cheap carÖ so it follows that his is not the best place to sell if you want to get top dollar for your vehicle .
Trading your car to a Dealership If your dealership is offering you fantastic deals on a part exchange , then why not take it ?
If you are offered £ 1000 for your old banger or some similar deal , the dealer will probably giving with one hand and taking away with the other , making up the money elsewhereÖ but if it gets your old banger off your drive , it may be just as well to take it anyway .
Often Dealers do find themselves desperate to sell ; maybe the manufacturer is bring out a new shaped model and they want to get rid of the old , or maybe they just want to have a sales drive so that the media can report that their model was " The best selling car " for any given month .
Any dealer or trader that ends up with your car , will spend a bit of money cleaning it up , and then sell it on for a profit .
Not everyone wants to share their personal journey in dealing with their ap , but some find it an important part of the process , so here are a couple of inspirational success stories .
It is particularly useful in forensic science for examining all the organic constituents of a drug sample to indicate if samples have a common origin .
About the game - click here to discover what we play About joining - click here for information about our low subscriptions About the social side - click here to learn what to do when not playing croquet About the club Just over one hundred years old , the Sussex County Croquet Club , or simply " Southwick " to the thousands of players who have visited it over the years , offers outstanding facilities for the playing of croquet .
The power station produces approximately 100,000 tonnes of PFA and 10,000 tonnes of FBA per year , which is currently supplied , via Hargreaves Coal Combustion Products Ltd ( who provide a full ash management and marketing service for the station ) into the engineering , land reclamation , block-making and grouting markets .
All ash sales are handled by a team of dedicated professionals who are committed to excellent service in ash supply and technical back up , not only in the UK but World wide .
They were the first to obtain the coveted BSI kitemark licence for BS3892 : Part 1 specification for PFA for use as a cementitious component in structural concrete and more recently supply CE marked ash to BS EN450-1:2005 .
They supply many of the major producers of readymixed concrete and precast concrete in addition to tile , block and brick manufacturers and civil engineering contractors .
Last Updated ( Friday , 15 September 2006 ) More ... New South Side Badminton Club New Child Protection Workshop announced Hughes leads Scotland on their World Challenge Free Workshop Thursday - Coaching Disabled People in Sport Susan sets her sights on Belgium Entry Forms now available for U15 & U19 Nationals Forbes & Kerr start Scotland 's International season with a bang New Scoring System Come & Try Session 2006-2007 Season Schedule announced Junior School Badminton Clubs : The way of the future Scotland star Rita calls it quits World Championships Badminton Manager online game Development Team looks ahead to Sudirman Cup Scots triumphant at 4 Nations tourney Sudirman Cup edges ever closer Coaches Register offers better deal than ever Susan 's thoughts on Sudirman season Summer Camps more popular than ever Coaches take badminton to Chinese Community Vacancy : World Universities Team Manager & Team Coach Polish & German season warm-ups for Briggs Badminton for the disabled continues to thrive Badminton aims high with sportscotland investment Updated Laws of Badminton Back Glasgow 's Commonwealth Games Bid
16 September 2004 WELSH RURAL POST OFFICES TO BENEFIT FROM £ 300M OF GOVERNMENT FUNDING A fund of £ 300m announced today ( Thursday , 16 September ) by the Secretary of State for Trade and Industry , Patricia Hewitt , will extend support of the rural post office network from April 2006 to April 2008 .
Welcoming the announcement , Secretary of State for Wales , Peter Hain , said : " The heart of many rural Welsh communities is the post office and they provide much more to these communities than merely mail services .
In many places in Wales the post office is also the village shop , the local community centre , the business exchange and the bank .
" In 2002 , the Government pledged £ 450m to support rural post offices until 2006 and today 's announcement of additional funding further extends until 2008 what is the largest ever Government support package for rural post offices .
" We can expect a Welsh breakdown of the new funding shortly and I am delighted that rural post offices will continue to play a vital role across Wales .
Background In March 2000 , the Government published its strategy for road safety , " Tomorrow 's Roads - safer for everyone " .
In May 2000 , at 19 speed check sites in the Thames Valley area , more than 800 drivers were stopped for speeding .
Conclusion Breaking the posted speed limit is a criminal offence that exposes the car driver to higher level of risk and increases the risk of death and injury to those outside the vehicle .
It will help increase the level of compliance with speed limits among those road users more likely to comply , thereby allowing police resources to be targeted on those who deliberately violate the law and who are more likely to be involved in fatal collisions .
We believe there is a strong business case for direct contact with those who make political and regulatory decisions , helping Government to get it right ; however , this poses the question of who are we trying to represent - our commercial or our customers ' interests ?
( Source : Shopping with Attitude Survey , NOP 2003 ) Corporate Responsibility home | Climate change | Genetic modification | Sustainable supply chain " Sustainable supply chain Chemicals | Getting involved in education | Public policy | The Funeralcare Forum Copyright © 2004 Co-operative Group
He sent me a beautiful bouquet of flowers ; they just went across the back of my VW DJ : Did you find , Noreen , that amongst the production crew you were a lone figure almost ?
Peter Holsgrove , Paul Holsgrove and Jon Case all came close in the opening minutes but it was Maidenhead who took the lead .
Neither team look as if they would add to the scoring until just after the hour mark when Damon Ming 's cross found the head of Hughes and he grabbed his second .
If the bridge appears to be safe , then trains are allowed to cross it - but only at 5 mph - until a qualified bridge engineer has carried out a detailed inspection .
When the system is installed one of three signals will show on a computer screen in the event of a strike ; a green light will mean that the bridge is safe and trains can continue as normal , a yellow light will also issue a warning sound on the computer that means trains can continue over the bridge at 5 mph until an inspection has been carried out and a red light with a warning sound will mean that there has been a high level impact and trains must stop .
It must be taken for at least 14 days before the benefits of treatment begin to appear and you start to feel better .
When it is time to stop taking this medicine it should be discontinued gradually , following the instructions given by your doctor or pharmacist .
If you experience seizures ( convulsions or fits ) while taking this medicine , consult your doctor immediately , as you will need to stop treatment with this medicine .
Use with caution in Decreased liver function Diabetes Epilepsy History of bleeding disorders History of mania or hypomania People also receiving electroconvulsive therapy ( ECT ) Severely decreased kidney function Not to be used in Children and adolescents under 18 years of age for the treatment of depressive illness Manic episodes of manic depression ( bipolar affective disorder ) People who have taken monoamine-oxidase inhibitor antidepressants ( MAOIs ) in the last 14 days Uncontrolled epilepsy This medicine should not be used if you are allergic to one or any of its ingredients .
However , other medicines may be safely used in pregnancy or breastfeeding providing the benefits to the mother outweigh the risks to the unborn baby .
For this reason women who need to take this medicine should consider not breastfeeding .
the Sub-Regional Investment Plan - or SRIP - is the new fiveYear Plan for the economic development of York and North Yorkshire the SRIP aims to co-ordinate public funding , to achieve more effective delivery of the Regional Economic Strategy support will be focussed on a number of development Themes and Priorities SRIP Themes and Priorities are based on an analysis of the strengths , weaknesses and growth areas in the sub-regional economy - this is the Strategic Economic Assessment projects will be commissioned to meet these Priorities projects will be funded using the resources available from Yorkshire Forward , EU Structural Funds ( Objectives 2 and 3 ) , Local Authorities , the Learning and Skills Council North Yorkshire and other public bodies the York and North Yorkshire Development Board has overall responsibility for the SRIP The SRIP Investment Themes The SRIP contains 7 Spatial Themes , each covering a different geographic area of York and North Yorkshire .
Spatial Investment Themes : Build and develop York 's key city role Develop York 's key city linkages in the sub region Develop the sub region 's role in the Bradford and Leeds city region Build on the economic opportunities of the northern market towns in the A1/A19 corridor Utilise heritage and the natural cultural assets of the upland areas and their market towns as economic drivers Achieve the renaissance of Scarborough and the Coastal area Develop the renaissance of Selby , through transforming its economic base The SRIP also contains a number of Sub-Regional Themes , covering the whole of York and North Yorkshire Sub Regional Investment Themes : Business Support Culture Inward Investment Tourism Skills Social Inclusion Renaissance Broadband Environmental Enhancement What the SRIP means for the Voluntary and Community Sector Voluntary and community organisations have an important role to play in the delivery of projects to meet the SRIP Themes and Priorities Connecting People to the opportunities provided by economic development is a central part of the SRIP aims Engagement with local and sub-regional partnerships will be essential for the development of new projects ( e.g. the Local Strategic Partnerships , local market town and regeneration groups , Area Learning Partnerships , the Social Inclusion Network etc ) For advice and support on partnership engagement , please contact the Sub-regional Investment Plan Officer at NYFVO Developing the Sub-regional Investment Plan the initial version of the SRIP ( June 2004 ) details a number of projects , addressing the SRIP Themes and Priorities more projects will be developed for revised versions of the SRIP , from June 2005 onwards download the Sub-Regional Investment Plan and the Strategic Economic Assessment from the York and North Yorkshire Partnership Unit website For More Information For further information and advice , contact Jim Pearse - Sub-Regional Investment Plan Officer telephone : 01845 578228
What the editor looks for : poems that are deeply felt and well crafted. no website Eric Gregory Awards The Society of Authors ' Eric Gregory Awards are substantial cash awards made to poets under 30 for a highly promising ( published or unpublished ) collection of poetry. http://www.societyofauthors.net/prizes/prizes.html Christopher Tower Poetry Prize If you 're between 16 and 18 , this free competition based at Christ Church College , Oxford offers a big cash prize , both for the winner and his/her school .
" This is a non-profit group , mostly teachers and writers who create the review in their spare time. http://www.members.home.net/review Kids on the Net A trAce Online Writing Community web site .
Young Poets - Poetry Written by Kids from 5-18 Original poetry written by kids age 5 -18 , cartoon reviews , movie reviews , online games , literary and other fun links for kids. http://www.loriswebs.com/youngpoets / Tips on Writing BBCi - Get Writing From the BBC 's online services , Get Writing helps you to gain confidence in your writing and develop your unique style and voice .
You can cure your writer 's block and get insider information from published authors and screenwriters. http://www.bbc.co.uk/dna/getwriting / Glossary of Poetic Terms Such a comprehensive list of poetic terms that poets of all levels ( and teachers ) would benefit by it .
Compiled , edited and cross-referenced by Robert G. Shubinski. http://www.poeticbyway.com/glossary.html Interactive Quiz on Meter ( Metre ) Test your grasp of terms and your ability to identify metres by name - quiz by Seamus Cooney , Professor of English at Western Michigan University. http://www.wmich.edu/english/tchg/quiz/meter/q2/quiz.html Listen and Write Very entertaining writing activities , audio poems , and a gallery of children 's work .
Their poetry workshop offers anyone ( age 10 to 18 ) help improve their writing through sharing work in progress , getting constructive , helpful comments on their writing , allowing young poets to comment on the work of others , and providing information about competitions. http://www.teenpoet.co.uk Young Writer Young Writer ( paper edition ) is an international magazine featuring the best in English language creative writing from children aged 5 to 18 from around the world .
Each Issue features : children interviewing their literary heroes ; at least one major competition ; technical writing features and tips ; creative ideas to get you started ; and lots and lots of children 's writing http://www.mystworld.com/youngwriter / Poetry Competitions The Poetry Library The Poetry Library keeps an up-to-date list of competitions , including this list for writers under 18. http://www.poetrylibrary.org.uk/poetry/remote/edu/resource.html#competitions Foyle Young Poets of the Year Award Any writer between the ages of 11 and 18 can enter ; launched in March , the closing date is 31 July each year .
For current information email info@towerpoetry.org.uk or call 01865 286591. http://www.towerpoetry.org.uk / Poetry Challenge This is an annual Poetry Challenge initiative encouraging school pupils , teachers , parents , etc. to recite poetry by heart. http://www.poetrychallenge.org.uk/schools.html Into Africa competition Education Action International , who work with people affected by conflict in their home countries and countries of refuge , are running a poetry competition to raise awareness to the issues in these areas , with over 250 pounds in prizes and sponsored by Foyles bookstore .
On 21st December 2002 the first round of the Intel Masters Gaming Championships will take place at the Science Museum in London and in order to make the event viewable by thousands of avid gamers Intel turned to jolt to provide HLTV & Shoutcast streams and servers .
The team has received top awards from game magazines , TV shows and game communities around the world .
Five out of five stars " PC Zone Magazine " Exceptional , outstanding MOD and more interesting then CS " PC Player Magazine " Best mod of the year and best UT mod " Planete Mods " SF is the most played mod out of 1400 modifications for 55 game titles " CSports.net - May mod of the month award .
Highest score EVER " M|Net " Strike Force is one of the best mods out there " GameSurge " One of the best online games ever - Addictive gameplay - Amazing graphics " 3D Gamers Strike Force UT2003 will bring better graphics , characters , weapons and game play to the Strike Force world .
About Jolt Online Gaming Launched in October 1999 , www.jolt.co.uk is Europe 's largest and most popular independent online gaming network - with in excess of 600 game servers online .
A short section at Gilwern ( Bridge 101 to Bridge 102 ) has been closed since 7 November 2005 to enable major construction works to take place as part of the A465 road dualling between Abergavenny and Gilwern .
In particular , determining the extent that genetic variability influences a chicken‚Äôs innate immune response and improving its innate resistance to enteric diseases and food-borne pathogens will be one of the primary research objectives .
The resulting obvious benefits in terms of improved nutrient capture and food safety will undoubtedly contribute to improving the sustainability of the industry.‚Ä ?
The community company wishes to buy the land to provide increased benefits to the local community including increasing the environment value of the woodlands , providing greater opportunities for use by the community and local schools , and to investigate the opportunities for affordable housing and timber based businesses such as woodchip for heating .
They need to be received by 7 April and should be addressed to Cameron Maxwell , Forestry Commission Scotland , Silvan House , 231 Corstorphine Road , Edinburgh , EH12 7AT , or to cameron.maxwell@forestry.gsi.gov.uk Animal disease plan for Wales A Welsh Assembly Government contingency plan covering a number of animal diseases , including avian influenza and foot and mouth disease , has been published .
As a government , we have been busy putting measures in place to tackle any outbreak .
For the last 20 years the country has been divided by a bitter civil war and the work of TLM has necessarily focused in the government governed areas of the North and West .
A proposal is soon to be submitted to the UK Department for International Development ( funded from taxpayers ' revenue ) to help rebuild and in many places initiate for the first time , after 20 years of conflict , services for persons affected by leprosy and disability .
As well as practically helping persons affected by leprosy to participate in Sudanese life , a position denied to them through the fear and stigma which is still associated with the diagnosis of leprosy in Sudan , TLM also hope to play a part in brokering peace and rebuilding relationships between the two deeply divided areas , by sharing leprosy staff , expertise and resources cross border .
Since 1998 TLM have helped to regenerate three Disabled Peoples ' Organisations ñ organisations which were originally formed during The Famine of 1983-4 to ensure that the food aid reached the disabled who were unable to stand in the long queues at the feeding shelters .
In this chaos the Disabled Peoples ' Organisations represent a safe haven for the disabled who cannot run to escape the violence .
It has had a presence in Cornwall since 1968 and now has facilities at St. Austell and Bodmin , where it manufactures and supplies medical devices and pharmaceutical systems for the medical industry worldwide .
" As part of a worldwide group , West Pharma 's client list is also global .
Therefore there is still a hard core of about 20 % of households who remain particularly difficult to influence about the importance of owning an alarm .
The majority of households who do own a working smoke alarm power them with one year batteries ( 75 % ) and have one installed in the hallway or landing ( 92 % ) .
The FRS offer Home Fire Risk Checks - home visits which provide fire safety advice on potential fire risks and how to prevent fire , tailored to the circumstances of the household .
The NCFSC ran a high-profile national advertising campaign promoting smoke alarm ownership and maintenance in January 2002 .
" 08 for All " help for local tourism and leisure buinesses ( MDF0196 ) August 1st , 2006 A new blunt leaflet advertising the " 08 for All " services is being distributed to the local tourism sector .
" Our " 08 for All " project of advice and support - to help local leisure and tourism businesses take advantage of the growing market for disabled or older visitors to Merseyside - is having an impact on local organsations .
A range of places - from small pubs to The Philharmonic Hall - have had a free accessibility advice or complete subsidised audits from a professional auditor .
We do n't think that 's because they have already paid for their own training and access audits - we believe it 's because they think that the DDA is not important , or perhaps that their inaction wo n't be noticed .
Our new one places much more stress on the potential costs to businesses of legal action if they have n't taken steps to make sure they are not discriminating against disabled people .
( The text of that leaflet is here ) And those costs can be real - we have recently heard of a local tourism business taken to court for discrimination under the DDA and successfully sued by a disabled person for £ 500 .
Products menu Canicom Training , Location and Invisible Fence Show all prices and options for Canicom Invisible Fence Collar System Overflowing with energy , your faithful companion does not always know his limits and can cause problems such as damage to flowerbeds , vegetable beds , running away , etc. But more seriously , he could be the cause or the victim of a road accident .
We very quickly filled the three days we had planned , and ended up having to put on two separate poster sessions to accommodate all of the people who wished to participate ( the programme and abstracts are available on the website ) .
Share Your Kit You 've got a ten-foot banner , got a shiny new guitar Your best mate who 's your manager insists that you 'll go far But your audience is mostly just your girlfriends and your mums which does n't stop you thinking you 're too good to share your drums Share your kit !
Share it If you were famous pop stars I could almost understand But you 're just five blokes from Moseley in a mediocre band You 've taken all the dressing room with your expensive gear and you wo n't let no bugger touch your precious toms and snare I 'm gonna drink all my Jack Daniels I 'm gonna drink all my white russian and I 'm not sharing out my absinthe if you do n't share your percussion You pay much more attention to your sideburns than your songs I wish you 'd stick your jack lead in the place where it belongs Given perseverance , though , your talent might prevail : you 're sure to hit the big time now you 've played the Jug of Ale Share your kit !
Bill Bevan The planning and construction of recent major roads in Britain , including Newbury , Twyford Down , Solsbury Hill , Cirencester , the M77 in Glasgow and the M66 near Manchester , has highlighted two archaeological issues which I feel can and must be addressed by future road schemes and other large-scale developments .
What we can do to address these issues is not only about what we can learn about archaeology and road-building , as well as other large-scale developments such as quarrying and open-cast mining ; it also relates to the wider state of archaeological rescue and research in Britain at this time , and the relationships between archaeology and contemporary environmental concerns .
Landscapes are the places people live in , where they meet with each other , where they cultivate , hunt or gather food , where they construct buildings , where they make material objects and where they bury their dead .
Aspects of topography and built structures may be important because of activities undertaken by the individual or community , in the remembered or folkloric past , which have occurred within and around them .
They do not exist in isolation but are connected across the landscape through the relationships they have with each other as used by people in the past .
It is only when the landscape is viewed in its entirety that its complexity and overall importance can be appreciated , and an assessment of the importance of each of its archaeological component parts can be made .
This landscape approach allows archaeologists to move away from the static , schematic , view of the past by looking at human relationships across geographical space and time .
I would suggest that initial extensive landscape investigation is needed for the whole of any area potentially affected by a large-scale traffic management scheme as part of an environmental impact assessment which should be integral to the planning process .
As part of a potential traffic management scheme , the archaeological landscape which could be affected by any road-building options , including all alternative routes under consideration , needs to be assessed .
This includes not only the archaeology in the line of the routes but how a route will separate and fragment interrelated aspects of the archaeological landscape which had a cohesiveness in the past .
If archaeological input occurs at this initial stage , then the relative effects of different potential routes can be assessed .
This will allow better informed choices to be made about the overall environmental impacts of a proposed road scheme : whether a new road should go ahead or whether alternative options for reducing traffic would be more effective , which of any alternative routes has the lowest impact on the environment and where more archaeological work is required if the road-building proposal is to progress .
If such an approach had been taken with the Newbury by-pass , archaeologists would have been more actively involved in field work as far back as 1980 .
We also need to involve and empower local people much more in making their own discoveries and understanding their past to enrich their perceptions of the places they live in .
Key features and benefits With ownership you have total control over the asset .
So that when rates fluctuate , only the number of repayments varies but the amount stays the same , thus helping your administration and budgeting .
Missing my connection , I had to wait about an hour for the next train , with such amusing interludes as an appropriate train being listed for quite some time before just disappearing from the board .
This lasted the better part of Christmas day as sickness , and afterwards as general illness .
I 'm attending two " small " courses , circa 10 people taking each ( Computational Complexity and Computer Algebra ) and a " popular " course ( Computer Security ). Security should n't be too challenging and should be interesting if overly verbose and insufficiently detailed , whereas the other two should be both interesting and challenging .
How should we design hearing aids to make sounds ( such as speech ) as clear as possible , particularly in noisy environments ?
Seyss-Inquart has admitted that he became a member of the Nazi Party on 13 March 1938 ; that he was made a General in the SS on 15 March 1938 , and held both membership and rank until 8 May 1945 .
The following is an excerpt from that letter : " Concerning my membership in the Nazi Party , I want to state that I never was asked to enter the Nazi Party but I asked Dr. Kier in December-1931 to take care of my relation to the Party .
That proves that I felt myself , in every respect , as a member of the Party and I was regarded as belonging to the Party and as I said before , already in December 1931 .
After the establishment of National Socialism , this organization was dissolved .
This fact is evidenced by Seyss-Inquart 's copy of the minutes of a meeting of this organization on 28 December 1918 and by its constitution and by-laws , a portion of which appear in the following quotation : " The purpose of this organization is the liberation of the German people from Jewish influences , and combat against Jewry with all available means .
I promise to obey all orders and decrees of the leadership of the organiza tion and to preserve complete secrecy about their institution , about the persons of the organization , and the events within it , as long as I live .
From July 1936 onwards , I endeavored to help the ' National Socialists to regain their legal status and finally to participate in the Austrian Government. * * * I was sympathetic towards the efforts of the Austrian Nazi Party to gain political power and corresponding influence because they were in favor of the Anschluss. * * * On 10 March 1938 I suggested to Chancellor Schuschnigg , as a solution to the difficulties resulting from his plebiscite plan , that the National Socialists be appointed to the Cabinet , after I became in May 1937 State Councillor and then on 16-2-1938 Minister of Interior and Security .
" During this time , particularly after the Party was forbidden in July 1934 , I knew that the radical element of the Party was engaged in terroristic activities , such as the attacks on railroads , bridges , telephone communications , etc. I knew that the governments of both Chancellors Dolfuss and Schuschnigg , although they held the same total German view-point in principle , were opposed to the Anschluss then because of the National Socialist regime in the Reich .
" The Austrian National Socialists must certainly have taken my appointment as Minister of Interior and Security as an indication of their right to activity .
Still more , however , the outcome of the agreement of 12-2-1938 allowed them to demonstrate their convictions .
From that year on I worked , planned , and collaborated with others of a like mind to bring about a union. * * * It was my desire to effect this union of the two countries-in an evolutionary manner and by legal means .
However , we were both of the opinion that a successful understanding would bring about in the course of time the Anschluss by evolutionary means in some form .
Not merely the leaders , but party members were arrested in so far as they did not escape ; the confiscation of their fortunes was announced ; the revolt which led to military actions in Steiriermark , Karnten and Oberoesterreich did cost victims ; the political management was seriously compromised by the Nazis and above all , a most sinister looking situation was created in regard to foreign politics .
Himmler wanted to talk over police matters , I informed him , however , that I was not conversant to speak about them .
Keppler received this telephone message on 7 January 1938 , and on 8 Jan-uary 1938 wrote a letter to Seyss-Inquart informing him of Goering 's instructions and relaying Gbering 's request not to give up the mandate under any circumstances without discussing the matter with Goering.( 3473-PS ; 3397-PS ) Despite assertions , in statements since his arrest and indict-ment , to the effect that he desired a union of Austria and Germany in an evolutionary manner and by legal means , Seyss-lnquart has on other occasions made statements to the contrary .
His letter of 14 July 1939 to Goering is particularly illuminating on this point : " I told myself in July 1934 that we must fight this clerical regime on its own ground in order to give the Fuehrer a chance to use whatever method he desires .
I told him that in accordance with his order , we started to dissolve the competence of the Austrian government by giving the powers partly to the Gauen and partly to the central leaders .
" ( 3425-PS ) The subversive machinations of the Austrian Nazis to bring about the absorption of Austria by the Greater German Reich was described in detail by Dr. Friedrich Rainer , a leading Austrian Nazi and a collaborator of Seyss-Inquart who became one of Hitler 's Gauleiters , in a report prepared by him and forwarded to Buerckel .
The reason for utilizing Seyss-Inquart appears in the foIlowing excerpt from the covering letter which accompanied Dr. Rainer 's report to Reich Commissar Gauleiter Josef Buerckel , dated 6 July 1939 : " I think the main reason for the fact that the person of Dr. Seyss-Inquart seemed to Hitler and to public opinion to have stepped in the limelight in those March days , was that no position existed in the party which one might have presented oneself to the public , and that there was no man who had the guts to let himself be presented .
Greens welcome Labour U-turn on votes at 16 25th Mar 2004 Youngest-ever Green Councillor Adrian Ramsay : " Young people , like everyone else , do have issues that they care about .
But it is the responsibility of Government , all political parties and society as a whole to make our democracy relevant to them , " The Green Party today welcomed the recent reports that the Government is to back a reduction in the minimum age at which people can vote at elections to 16 .
" See www.votesat16.org.uk Related news - Politics Green Euro-MPs best on environment , say NGOs Peter Tatchell joins the Green Party LibDems , Tories block EU ban on ozone destroyers Beaumont challenges MPs to take up " No New Runways Bill " Green disbelief at GM veto Historic election deal between Cornish party and Greens Green Party to call for a Cornish Assembly Greens challenge LibDems to show true colours Scotland is right to introduce PR elections Greens ' first Bill looks set to pass through House of Lords Green set to become Gibraltar 's first Euro-MP Leading Green to adress Manchester " Stop War " demo Union chief Bob Crow chooses Greens over Labour
The court held that UK law denying embryos any independent right to life were not in breach of the right to life in the European Convention on Human Rights , noting that in English law " a foetus prior to the moment of birth , much less so an embryo , had no independent rights or interests .
If found guilty by the General Medical Council , he could be struck off the medical register. [ The Times , 4 March ] The Cambodian government has deported an American euthanasia campaigner for promoting the country as a place to commit suicide .
Mr Graham said he believes in " a person 's right to choose the time , place and manner of their death " , but denies having assisted the suicide of a British woman in Kampot last year. [ The Guardian , 4 March ] A US Appeals Court has upheld a preliminary injunction banning the enforcement of an Ohio state law regulating the use of the Mifeprex abortion drug , although it has not ruled it unconstitutional .
The law would forbid doctors from administering the drug after seven weeks ' gestation , and would also require a full medical examination to be performed before prescribing mifepristone ( RU486 ) and misoprostol , and close monitoring of patients afterwards .
Our pro-life witness must not only affirm in clear and unambiguous terms that life must be respected and protected from its first moment of conception onward , but our pro-life witness must also support pregnant women who are at risk and assist those women who have had abortions and now bitterly regret that tragic mistake .
-- ( 1 ) Where by the operation of a vesting order made by any Ministry of Northern Ireland under or by virtue of the Roads Improvement Act ( Northern Ireland ) , 1928 M2 , or any subsequent enactment ( including an enactment passed after this Act ) of the Parliament of Northern Ireland , any land ( including land covered by water ) or any easement or right in or over any land is vested in any local or public authority ( not being a Ministry of Northern Ireland ) the following provisions shall have effect with respect to the stamp duty chargeable on such vesting:-- ( a ) the vesting order shall not be deemed to be an instrument upon which stamp duty is chargeable ; ( b ) the instrument upon which stamp duty is chargeable shall-- ( i ) where the compensation money payable in respect of such vesting is paid into court by the local or public authority , as the case may be , be the receipt given to the authority for that payment by the proper officer of the court [ F001 or the certificate or privity given by such officer in respect of that payment ] ; and ( ii ) where the said compensation money is not paid into court , be the receipt given to the authority by the person to whom the compensation money is paid ; ( c ) the stamp duty chargeable on each such receipt [ F001 certificate or privity ] as is mentioned in sub-paragraph ( i ) or ( ii ) of the last preceding paragraph shall be the ad valorem stamp duty which would be payable on a conveyance on sale of the land or rights to which the receipt [ F001 certificate or privity ] relates for a consideration which is the compensation money for which the receipt [ F001 certificate or privity ] is given ; ( d ) each such receipt [ F001 certificate or privity ] as aforesaid shall , notwithstanding anything contained in sub-section ( 6 ) of section nine of the Finance Act ( Northern Ireland ) , 1936 M3 ( which section requires the presentation to the Ministry of particulars as to certain transfers and lettings of land ) or in any regulations made under that sub-section , be deemed to be an instrument by means of which a transfer on sale of an interest in land is effected and to which the provisions of the said section nine applies .
All modern caravans are in excellent condition , fitted with electric light , shower & w.c , colour TV , toaster , microwave , fitted gas fire , full size refrigerator & cooker .
In my efforts to internalise American Kenpo , I have , not only incorporated Dim Mak into the way I teach the art , but have made it sigificant part of American Kenpo .
The direction in which these points are struck will also determine how the victim is affected .
Obviously , such knowledge is very dangerous in the wrong hands and although I will hint at teh various strikes to my students , I will not reach the technique in detail to any of them , until they have reached at leat the rank of 1st kyu brown belt .
You cannot rely on the conscious thinking part of the brain to see you through a fight as it is too logical and fighting is not a logical process .
At a more advanced level , and certainly not before students have reached brown belt level , I will acquaint them with the ' reptilian brain ' which can be thought of as the ultimate ' no mind ' state .
Humans have three brains inside their heads .
There are certain ways in which we can bring the reptilian brain into action , but this will only be taught to senior students , as it may cause problems if the student has not had an adequate training .
Once the reptile brain has come into play , you are in a different world ; everything around you seems to move in slow motion .
When in the reptilian brain mode , we use ' eagle vision ' whereby our mind and vision are literally ' locked ' on the space which is occupied by our opponent , as if the energies are linked - as he moves , his space moves , causing us to move accordingly .
Its operation was overseen by an elected Board of Guardians , 57 in number , representing its 50 constituent parishes as listed below ( figures in brackets indicate numbers of Guardians if more than one ) : County of Derby : Abney and Abney Grange , Aldwarke , Ashford , Bakewell ( 2 ) , Baslow and Bubnell , Beesley , Birchover , Brushfield , Calver , Chelmorton , Cromford ( 2 ) , Curbar , Darley Dale ( 2 ) , Edensor , Eyam Woodlands , Flagg , Foolow , Froggart , Grange Mill ( alias Ironbrook Grange ) Gratton , Grindlow , Haddon Over , Halzebadge , Harthill , Hartington Middle Quarter ( 2 ) , Hassop , Hathersage , Highlow , Great Hucklow , Little Hucklow , Litton , Great Longston , Little Longston , Matlock and Trusley ( 3 ) , Middleton-by-Youlgreave , Money Ash , Nether Padley , Pillsley , Rowsley and Alport , Sheldon , Stanton , Stoke , Stoney Middleton , Taddington and Priestcliffe , Tideswell , Wardlow Miers , Wensley and Snitteston , Whestone , Winster .
A water supply for the workhouse was provided by the digging of a large pond which could hold 120,000 gallons of spring water .
It seems appropriate to collect as many disparate patterns as we can as a starting point , and then to look in more depth at structural issues .
Who deserves face transplants - just those who have suffered in accidents , or those who simply feel like a new image ?
Students will consider the ethical issues involved in performing face transplant operations 11 - 14 ( KS3 ) Microbes and disease QCA 8c - the body has natural barriers to infection ; the production of antibodies is part of the body 's defence system Scientific enquiry , including ethical issues Sc1 - the positive and negative effects of scientific developments ; others ' views and why opinions differ Cells QCA 7a - organisms are made from cells ; cells are grouped together to form tissues , links between the environment and the type of farming that is desirable Suggested time : 20 minutes Suggested starter : Show page 1 , which sets the scene and informs students that face transplants may well be medically possible by the end of the year .
Main activity : Students read page 2 , which describes how face transplants are performed , and explains why those who receive face transplants need to take immunosuppressant drugs .
The insuremythings.com team , led by Chairman Sandy Dunn , has developed a range of insurance products which provide unrivalled quality and choice in the UK market. insuremythings.com is owned and operated by BDML Connect Ltd , a wholly owned subsidiary of BDML Holdings .
For difficult to place insurances , such as young motorists or drivers with convictions , their staff are often able to obtain quotes which are not available to other companies. insuremythings aim to provide you with the best possible service so if you need help with your online quote , their staff can provide assistance .
Dating from 1963 , Jambo has been gaining a lot of attention recently , featuring prominently in several films and TV shows and gaining a regular slot on Danny Baker 's afternoon radio show on BBC London .
moretime4Children is a software package that will make the administration of your club or centre a breeze .
moretime4Children can maintain data on enquiries , visits and bookings ; hold records for each child , down to the level of any medical or special needs ; send out invoices , newsletters and notes ; keep staff registers ; allocate children to activities and spaces to functions ; monitor usage by ethnicity , gender or age ; and help you with financial planning and collection. extratime can even remind you of tasks and deadlines !
To order moretime4Children , contact moretime4Children/LogicCall directly : phone 020 8385 7474 , fax 020 8385 8998 or email enquiries@logiccall.co.uk www.logiccall.co.uk Print this page Email a friend Information : Annual Review 2004 - Working together for children , families and communities Publications Catalogue 2006 School 's Out Special - Getting Organised Resource Pack to Target Sustainability Regeneration : A guide to out of school care and regeneration News : Research shows schools are becoming Extended Schools but need help with key challenges
Includes all UK national daily and Sunday newspapers from 1801 to the present ; most UK and Irish provincial newspapers , some from the early 18th century onwards ; selected newspapers from around the world in western and Slavonic languages dating from the 17th century onwards , including extensive holdings from Commonwealth countries and many other nations ; and a wide range of UK and Irish popular periodicals covering all subjects from fashion , pop music , and cinema , to sports , hobbies , and trades .
European or World-wide catalogues The European Library - a portal which offers access to the combined resources ( books , magazines , journals ... .
British Library - full details of collections and access arrangements UK higher education and research libraries - A-Z list Public Libraries Reading Libraries Wokingham Libraries UK public libraries - links to library web sites and catalogues Library of Congress - the American national library in Washington DC Libdex - worldwide directory of library homepages and web-based catalogues Libraries world-wide , from Berkeley Unesco Libraries portal - more comprehensive for governmental and specialised libraries than Libdex Visiting other libraries Contact the Library you want to visit before making a special journey .
To join : Take proof of identity - one of the following : UK Driver 's licence a passport a credit card Pre-register your details by filling in the National Archives online registration form .
If you are living in a University hall of residence , the Warden can stamp and sign your membership form as proof .
Research postgraduates and staff have free reference only access To join : Take photographic proof of identity : driving licence passport college ID eg your University Access Card Take proof of address ( such as a utility bill , bank or credit card statement ) More information about membership charges and joining requirements for University of London Library Other library-related resources Archives Hub - info on archives available in the UK 's universities and colleges National Register of Archives - info on the nature and location of manuscripts and historical records that relate to British history HERO - gateway to universities , colleges and research organisations in the UK UNESCO Archives Portal - an international gateway to information for archivists and archive users
They began to know the hours when certain trains passed , and they gave names to them .
" The Green Dragon 's going where Father is , " said Phyllis ; " if it were a really real dragon , we could stop it and ask it to take our love to Father .
And the children , especially the girls , liked to think that perhaps the old gentleman knew Father , and would meet him ' in business , ' wherever that shady retreat might be , and tell him how his three children stood on a rail far away in the green country and waved their love to him every morning , wet or fine .
He 's taken my story and this is the proof of it .
" At first the children thought ' the proof ' meant the letter the sensible Editor had written , but they presently got to know that the proof was long slips of paper with the story printed on them .
He did not like to say " Good morning " to the Station Master , as you usually do to anyone you meet on a lonely road , because he had a hot feeling , which spread even to his ears , that the Station Master might not care to speak to a person who had stolen coals .
You give us a look in at the Station whenever you feel so inclined .
" " It always is undone again , " said Peter , " and the Station Master was more of a gentleman than you 'll ever be , Phil ó throwing coal at a chap 's head like that .
He was a worthy man and seemed never tired of answering the questions that begin with " Whyó " which many people in higher ranks of life often seem weary of .
" It ' ud stop just the same , I suppose , " said he , " but it is n't proper use unless you 're being murdered .
" Yes , " said the Porter , " I knowed a young gent as used to take down the numbers of every single one he seed ; in a green note-book with silver corners it was , owing to his father being very well-to-do in the wholesale stationery .
" It has a few pages torn out , " said she ; " but it will hold quite a lot of numbers , and when it 's full I 'll give you another .
My sister 's eldest ó she took a chill and it went to her inside , two years ago come Christmas , and she 's never been the same gell since .
" Now , Lady Grave-airs , " he said in the hall to Bobbie , " I suppose you 'll want to be head-nurse .
She told them what the Doctor had said , and what Mother had said .
" And now , " said she , when she had told all , " there 's no one but us to do anything , and we 've got to do it .
" " We can do without the beastly mutton , " said Peter ; " bread and butter will support life .
They only knew that they were making a good ó but what they were making comes later .
Bobbie 's bed had been moved into Mother 's room , and several times in the night she got up to mend the fire , and to give her mother milk and soda-water .
" Now you get your old woman to sit with your mother , and then you eat a good breakfast , and go straight to bed and sleep till dinner-time .
When the 9.15 came out of the tunnel that morning the old gentleman in the first-class carriage put down his newspaper , and got ready to wave his hand to the three children on the fence .
He was standing in front of them in an attitude like that of a show-man showing off the animals in a menagerie , or of the kind clergyman when he points with a wand at the ' Scenes from Palestine , ' when there is a magic-lantern and he is explaining it .
It was only just as the train was beginning to puff and pull itself together to start again that he saw Phyllis .
Mother is ill and the doctor says to give her the things at the end of the letter , but she says she ca n't aford it , and to get mutton for us and she will have the broth .
First there was straw , and then there were fine shavings , and then came all the things they had asked for , and plenty of them , and then a good many things they had not asked for ; among others peaches and port wine and two chickens , a cardboard box of big red roses with long stalks , and a tall thin green bottle of lavender water , and three smaller fatter bottles of eau-de-Cologne .
And if she says you ought not to have asked for the things , tell her that I say you were quite right , and that I hope she will forgive me for taking the liberty of allowing myself a very great pleasure .
" All the same , " said Peter , with his hands in his pockets , " I do n't exactly look forward to telling Mother the whole truth about it .
Telephone 0845 373 0042 £ 179,500 3 Bedroom Terrace House View similar property Wheatfield Close , Ovingham We welcome to the market this attractively presented extended three bedroomed mid link house located on the edge of Ovingham village providing convenient access to most local amenities and to the A69 trunk road which connects to Newcastle city centre and the neighbouring market town of Hexham.The property itself is stylishly presented throughout and offers well proportioned accommodation which briefly comprises to the ground floor:Kitchen , Open Plan Lounge/Dining Area and Conservatory.Whilst the Read More ... Advertised by Rook Matthews Sayer , Hexham .
Telephone 0845 345 9840 £ 184,950 4 Bedroom End Terrace House View similar property Wellburn Close , Ovingham We welcome to the market this attractively presented four bedroomed end link house located on the edge of the popular Tyne Valley village of Ovingham , which provides convenient access to most local amenities and the A69 trunk road which connects to the neighbouring market town of Hexham which supports a range of good quality shopping , leisure and educational facilities.The property offers well proportioned accommodation throughout which briefly comprises to the ground floor:Reception Hall , Cloak Read More ... Advertised by Rook Matthews Sayer , Hexham .
Telephone 0845 345 9840 £ 185,000 4 Bedroom Semi-Detached House View similar property The Green , Ovington A superbly situated and very spacious four bedroomed semi detached house , in a lovely village location , in this sought after Tyne Valley village , within easy commuting distance of Newcastle city centre , via the A69 circa 14 miles.The accommodation comprises:-Entrance hall , dining room with arch through to large living room , inner lobby , breakfast room/kitchen with a wide range of amenities , large utility room and garage.Four spacious bedrooms , very large bathroom/wc with bath and shower cubicle , Read More ... Advertised by Rook Matthews Sayer , Hexham .
Telephone 0845 345 9840 £ 350,000 4 Bedroom Detached House View similar property Castle View , Ovingham We are delighted to offer for sale this highly impressive stone built detached house located within the picturesque village of Ovingham , providing convenient access to most local amenities and the A69 trunk road connecting to Newcastle City centre , and the market town of Hexham.The property has been the subject of recent refurbishment to provide stylish well proportioned accommodation throughout , boasting a number of original features including period fire surrounds , whilst modern benefits inclu Read More ... Advertised by Rook Matthews Sayer , Hexham .
Telephone 0845 345 9840 £ 355,000 5 Bedroom Semi-Detached House View similar property Main Road , Ovingham An opportunity to purchase this fabulous family home occupying a central location within the picturesque Tyne Valley village of Ovingham.The property provides convenient access to most local amenities , including the railway station and A69 trunk road connecting to Newcastle city centre and Ponteland village which supports a good range of quality restaurants , shopping , leisure and educational facilities.The property offers versatile accommodation comprising briefly:-Reception hall , lounge/dining Read More ... Advertised by Rook Matthews Sayer , Ponteland .
Chris Holt , Production Liaison Manager for Filmlink said ìThe nations media have finally recognised the fact that South West Hertfordshire has become a major centre for Film production in the UK.î MEPC , one of the largest property developers in the UK have purchased the Leavesden Studios site , near Watford , and are investing in a new purpose-built studio and hi-tech business park. ìIt 's a significant investment and there 's no other like it in Europe.î says Chris Holt adding that , ìtheir plans include developing the UK 's first ever , dedicated film and media park to attract companies in areas such as telecommunications , media , technology and post production , to work in harmony with the new film studios.î Filmlink , develop the film and media industry in Hertfordshire and the rapid growth of the industry in the area can , in part , be attributed to their work .
Is in that name of thine , To strike the fire from every heart Along the banner 'd line. * * * * * A thousand ancient mountains Its pealing note hath stirr'd,ó Sound on , and on , for evermore , O thou victorious word !
According to her own testimony she regarded herself as a naturalised Welsh woman , having resided in north Wales since 1800 , when her father 's failed business necessitated a family retreat from Liverpool to Abergele in Denbighshire : Felicia Browne , as she then was , was seven years old at the time .
According to the nineteenth-century Welsh historian Jane Williams , ëno spot in the Principality has been more thoroughly saturated with blood'. [ 2 ] This spot was Hemans 's ëscene of writing ' from 1800 to 1828 , during which years she composed by far the major part of her oeuvre .
In 1822 , Hemans composed and delivered in person a poetical address for the annual Welsh Eisteddfod in which she publicly presented herself as working within the Welsh bardic tradition .
Whence came the echoes to those numbers high ?
( p. 246 ) Poems like ëEngland 's Dead ' established Hemans 's reputation , and accounted for both her immediate and subsequent extensive popularity during the nineteenth century , not only in Britain but in its most far-flung colonial settlements .
In this paper , I intend to explore this apparent contradiction further , not only in relation to Hemans 's own writings , but also in terms of its significance for the construction of early nineteenth-century Britishóas opposed to either Welsh or Englishóidentity .
According to Linda Colley , in her seminal study Britons : Forging a Nation 1707ñ1837 , the years which immediately succeeded Waterloo constituted something of a crisis point in terms of British identity. ëThere was , ' Colley says , ëa profound loss of direction involved [ ... ] How was Britishness to be defined now that it could no longer rely so absolutely on a sense of beleaguered Protestantism and on regular conflict with the Other in the shape of Catholic France ?
' [ 4 ] Colley sees Britain as an invented nation , superimposedóduring the century which followed the Act of Union with Scotlandóonto much older English , Scottish and Welsh alignments and loyalties , and one which was forged above all by war with France ; Britons , she says , defined themselves as Protestants struggling for survival against the world 's foremost Catholic power .
In her ëEngland and Spain , or Valour and Patriotism ' , published in 1808 , Freedom is personified as the local deity of the British Isles ( or rather ëIsle ' ) : Immortal Freedom !
These military engagements , bloody and long-lasting as many of them were , were not easily construable as fought in the name of Britain 's , or any other nation 's , freedom .
And yet Felicia , as much as her brothers and husband , had founded a public career on her role as upholder and popularizer of Britain 's image as the heroic defender of smaller nations ' liberties against the greed and aggression of more powerful states .
That these works not only operated to preserve the concept of British heroes as freedom fighters but also , ironically enough at one level , aided in the construction of a British , as opposed to an English , Scottish or Welsh , identity , is suggested by one of the reviewers of her ëWallace 's Invocation to Bruce ' : That a Scottish prize , for a poem on a subject purely , proudly Scottish , has been adjudged to an English candidate [ ... ] demonstrates the disappearance of those jealousies which , not a hundred years ago , would have denied such a candidate any thing like a fair chance with a native [ ... ] We delight in every gleam of high feeling which warms the two nations alike , and ripens yet more that confidence and sympathy which bind them together in one great family. [ 5 ] Binding together the English , Welsh and Scots in one great fighting family would appear to be part of the purpose of Hemans 's Scottish and Welsh verses .
forget not the time Ere spoilers had breathed the free air of your clime [ Ö ] Ages may roll ere your children regain The land for which heroes have perish 'd in vain ; Yet , in the sound of your names shall be power , Around her still gathering in glory 's full hour .
' ( ëCaswallon 's Triumph ' , p. 150 ) The Romans , like the French , constituted an unproblematic ëOther ' against which ëBritain ' could readily be represented as united .
For Hemans in these poems it is not a matter of the Welsh versus the English but of ëCambrians ' or ëBritons ' versus ëSaxons ' only .
Even as late as 1400 to 1415 , during the period of Owain Glyndwr 's ill-fated rebellion , the Cambrians are still only fighting the Saxons in Hemans 's poetry , although by then it would appear a gross historical inaccuracy to designate their enemy as anything other than English. ëA sound is on the breeze , ' says the doomed but still resistant Owain , ëA murmur as of swelling seas !
Irish freedom fighters are not registered in her roll-call of the great , which with hindsight was just as well , given that , after she finally left Wales in 1828 , Hemans was to spend her last years in the Dublin residence of her brother Lieutenant-Colonel George Browne , the then British Commissioner of Police in Ireland .
As her brother was tasked with the repression and policing of any incipient contemporary uprisings against the British Crown in Ireland , it would have been curious , to say the least , had family loyalties compelled him to welcome to his home one who had espoused in her verse the cause of those rebels ' predecessors .
But Hemans 's ëFair Isle ' is always singular , a Britannia without Ireland , and a Britannia which , moreover , after 1821 , with British unity and its global supremacy apparently secularly established , she reverts to calling simply ëEngland ' .
The material contained in this document may be freely distributed , as long as the origin of information used has been properly credited in the appropriate manner ( e.g. through bibliographic citation , etc .
Dave Sciberras asked that if those who receive cheque payments could e-mail him confirmation that they have received them .
Inter Club - The season has started well although some matches have gone on a long time .
Graded Tournaments ñ Last one held had 44 entries .
Jasen took ibogaine for his methadone problem For the umpteenth time I was reducing of the Methadone , got down to 25mg then started using ( once again ) .
" I started to get some hope back .
I gave Sara what little Physeptone I had left .
When I got to Sara 's the fear started to set in , this was it .
I started to get a little sick in the afternoon and Sara gave me my first dose of 1 gram of Iboga extract .
I laid down and after about 1 hour I started to feel relaxed and more at ease with the Iboga , a slight vibrating sensation , knowing this was a very spiritual plant I gave thanks with each dose and asked for guidance.An hour or or two later I was given 1.8 grams .
I was vibrating,..I saw my cells being vibrated , in my cells were dark blockages , little bits of black in these brilliant white cells , as I was being wobbled side to side I could see my cells vibrating more and more,..ummmmmmmm ummmmmmmmm ummmmmmmmmm , the blackness started to vibrate out of my cells , the dark blockages were being dissipated to the sides of the the cells then disappearing .
Then it felt like people put there hands inside my body , my bones from my back and then they ripped away with a crack , as this happened the back of the medallion which was pitch black , snapped away and even though I was still spread eagled on the coin , I felt myself falling into this pitch black abyss , feeling of falling falling and at the same time knowing I was also on the medallion feeling safe .
I was a little concerned and I was told , there is nothing to fear , face the light,..and as I did the light which was everything in that existence , there was nothing else , it started to move towards me and then went through me and ohhhh , what a feeling , I started to get champagne bubbles of light going through me , up from my stomach splitting at the base of my heart and exiting through my shoulders , shring shring shring .
As I was in this light I saw his head,..it was moving from side to side with like white flames coming off his head like locks of white liquid light , his mouth did not move but he was speaking to me , there was light coming from his eyes and from his closed mouth , like he was facing a fan and the fan was blowing his hair but it was n't hair , he said to me,"You cannot die , you simply leave your body behind and vibrate into another dimension , I am still alive , just in another dimension , if you want to honour my name , live life fully , and I will live through you until you come home .
I wanted to feel what it would be like to be Jesus , as I thought this , I was coming into a body from above this being of light that had white light as hair saddling his shoulders , as I entered this body of light I got this tremendous feeling of love coming out of my mouth and outstretched hands , like beacons of light coming from my hands and a tremendous feeling of love and compassion within and being sent out to the world , wow , I fell in love with love .
Pure and utter bliss .
As I woke up I felt as if my heart was outside of my body , it was turned inside out and twisted a little , ..like a gene .
I would lay down cradling what looked like an empty space above my chest which I felt was my heart outside my body .
After about 24 hours or so my heart felt like it was untwisting and going back inside me.,..then something started to fill my heart with what looked and felt like liquid golden honey , they filled it until my heart overflowed with love I could feel the liquid honey overflowing and trickling down , the feeling was so filling , the love I felt was more than I can describe .
My energy was non existent and I could not sleep .
After about seven days I started to feel some withdrawals,.about 5 % .
I stayed at Sara 's for 27 days and in this time took nutrients and Sara cooked yummy food , Mmm Mmmm M. I am now into my fourth month , still feel a little " not right " however getting stronger everyday .
I still feel like a ciggarette now and then , however the urge goes within a minute or two .
In the March issue of the SWP 's middle-brow Socialist Review , comrade Chris Nineham tells us that " ' Make poverty history ' is becoming a rallying cry for 2005 " ( All Nineham quotes from this issue of Socialist Review unless otherwise stated ) .
Apparently , this new coalition of " all the developmental NGOs , most trade unions , many campaigning organisations and a range of celebrities " has the potential - in the aftermath of the London European Social Forum - to " take the global justice movement to a new level " .
Thus , comrade Nineham tells his readers that the next big protest actions for us all to get excited about ( or ' really excited ' , as SWP cadre will bluster in meetings up and down the country ) are those against the G8 meeting in Scotland in July .
What is striking about the piece is not simply that it does not contain one word of criticism of charity politics - of course , the SWP will grandstand the occasional article to cover its left flank with some mild criticism of Oxfam or the World Development Movement .
No , it is psychologically instructive that the comrade actually starts to replicate not simply the phraseology of charity organisations , but also their terms of reference and even the content of their criticisms of government initiatives .
In his respectable footsteps we have comrade Nineham essentially advancing nothing but technical criticisms of the imperialist plan for ' aid ' to Africa : To begin with , going into statesman mode , he remarks , " Whatever the motives , the focus on Africa can only be welcomed .
Thus , we should troop up to Edinburgh come July to be handed an SWP placard " demanding immediate cancellation of debt to all poor countries and a massive increase in aid with no strings " - this is the operative programme the comrade proposes the working class in this country should take up in order to fight the horror of world poverty that is the inevitable product of global capitalism .
What do these ' world leaders ' need to do to " make a difference " , he asks rhetorically ?
" They need to provide more and better aid , they need to drop the unfair debt owed by developing countries and they need to change the rules of international trade to allow poor farmers and workers a chance to help themselves out of poverty " - essentially the programme that the SWP now seems to have adopted , in other words .
" Of course , revolutionary Marxists must engage with the sentiments that will prompt tens of thousands of people to take to the streets later this year to protest against the hell that global capitalism makes of our world .
Any communist who simply sneers at this mass , global , inchoate human response in the relatively ' affluent ' countries of the world is - frankly - not a communist in any meaningful sense .
Concretely , this must mean a vigorous fight against the poisonous ideas of charity itself within the ranks of the working class movement : a struggle to make charity history .
1770s-1820s - a turn towards moral reform and discipline , explained by the need to regiment the new working class and counter the threat of political unrest .
So , before making some points about its specific origins , it is worthwhile looking at this more recent period to get a contemporary feel for the nature of charity and how our class has responded to it .
In the 1880s , The Times noted that the income of London 's charities was greater than that of several states combined , including the not insignificant countries of Sweden , Denmark and Portugal .
Charities were thus not simply an important feature of social life of the Victorian era : they were a significant sector of its economy .
The growth of charity arose from the attempt to ameliorate social tensions engendered by rapid industrialisation and the spread of large metropolitan centres , where the potentially rebellious masses were concentrated .
It was an important weapon in the ruling class assault on working people : a form of regulation and control , in other words .
Unsurprisingly , therefore , the attitude of the young workers ' movement was thoroughly hostile to charity , seeing in it - quite rightly - a consciously contrived alternative to the project of radical social change .
The red Chartist , Helen Macfarlane , a brilliant revolutionary journalist and the first translator of the Communist manifesto into English , penned an article in July 1850 , ' Fine words ( household or otherwise ) butter no parsnips ' , cutting into a characteristically syrupy piece in Charles Dickens ' Household words about " two poor little starving children who stole a loaf of bread , and were sentenced ... to be whipped for this awful ' crime against society , property and order ' " .
EP Thompson characterises these church schools as machines for the inculcation of " thrift time " into working class children , as well as the internalisation of ruling class values : " Once inside the school gates , the child entered the new universe of disciplined time , " he points out ( EP Thompson , ' Time , work , discipline and industrial capitalism ' in Past and present 1967 , p38 ) .
JL and Barbara Hammonds observed of this period that : " ... the upper classes allow no values to the workpeople but those which the slave-owner appreciates in the slave .
The men themselves were considerably dissatisfied , because they could not go in and out as they pleased , and have what holidays they pleased , and go on just as they had been used to do ; and were subject , during after-hours , to the ill-nurtured observations of other workmen , to such an extent as completely to disgust them with the whole system , and I was obliged to break it up " ( cited in Z Bauman Work , consumerism and the new poor Philadelphia 1998 , pp7-8 ) .
The very act of workers ' resistance - which took a variety of forms , from simple absenteeism up to collective industrial action - was constantly cited as evidence of the moral laxity of the poor and working classes and the ethical superiority of the bee-hive discipline of the factory .
They are celebrated as the beginning of a new moral order ... in which the possessors of property are to resume their place as the paternal guardians of those less fortunate ... to extinguish , not indeed poverty - that hardly seems to be thought desirable - but the more abject forms of vice , destitution and physical wretchedness " ( ibid p11 ) .
Of course , our class resisted .
The temperance movement was viewed not simply as an attack on an important aspect of individual workers ' leisure time , but also on an a sect of the class 's collective life and ability to organise for protest action .
Food kitchens and educational classes had been set up for the children of the strikers , and the latter were continued in a form which taught young proletarians the causes of poverty for working people .
Most of its work seemed to consist of ' rough music ' ( caterwauling during the Salvation Army 's street services ) and disrupting its processions rather than any direct ideological confrontation ( the movement actually had support from publicans , who saw their livelihood threatened by abstinence ) .
It was not some micro-group of cranks - in Worthing in 1884 , the ' skeletons ' counted 4,000 in their ranks ; they fought pitched battles with the Sally Army and tried to burn down their HQ .
Similarly , Sir John Gorst , Conservative secretary to the treasury , gravely informed the first meeting of Plymouth-based Guild of Help that without their charitable efforts " the people would try socialism as an experiment " , lord preserve us ( cited in JD Smith , C Rochester and R Hedley [ eds ] An introduction to the voluntary sector London 1995 , p19 ) .
As Karl Kautsky acutely observed , " the different ways by which [ christian charity ] helps the poor , and the sick , and teaches youth , are only useful to [ it ] so as to be able to detach many members of the working classes from the class war " ( www.marxists.org/archive/kautsky/1903/symposium/symposium.htm ). Deserving poor Of course , there have been changes since then .
Nicholas Deakin argues that struggles for self-determination such as that of the Vietnamese and the move of former British colonies to full independence " released a latent idealism about overseas development and helping to build new societies , which found expression in the phenomenal expansion of Oxfam and the creation of Voluntary Service Overseas " ( N Deakin , ' The perils of partnership ' , in An introduction to the voluntary sector p49 ) .
" The leaders of christian communities soon saw that their duty did not consist only in persuading the rich to distribute their goods to the poor and to call thieves those who did not do this , but they also " understood that they must curb the cupidity of the poor and repress their guilty desires .
" The right of the poor to the wealth of the rich then " became alms " , and the church - the organiser of the christian community - the " intermediary which distributed help and administered the funds " which were consecrated to this purpose .
The terrifying stories that leaked out from these hellholes made the general working population more prepared to accept the conditions of the factory , mine or mill , however onerous .
For this reason , we also see a tendency amongst the more frank of the bourgeois moralists of the time not to make too much of the distinction between ' deserving ' and ' undeserving ' .
In stark contrast , the working class has a direct interest in providing material solidarity with the ' undeserving ' of the world - those sections of the population who are not simply suffering the effects of poverty , but are in actual or potential rebellion against the social conditions that produce their suffering .
a. uniform poster template to be downloaded and edited by instructors for promotion and advertising ( maybe another one just for adverts ) ?
I 've been playing with one and will post it to ftp for Official Schools to get hold of and look at .
Keeping it very simple so that not only can it be used in shops and stuff , but also papers and magazines .
If they were also teaching Tai Chi , for example , then this would not require them to wear the uniform as they 're Tai Chi Students , if they were teaching Official School then they would wear the uniform That way , schools which teach more than one style and like to keep them seperate can .
4.2 Appointment of Principal Assembly Clerks / Assembly Clerks The Commission confirmed its earlier decision that successful candidates in the Assembly Clerk / Principal Assembly Clerk open competition should be offered 10 % on top of their current salary in order to attract and retain suitably experienced staff with the proviso that pay offers do not exceed the maximum of the equivalent NICS Grade 7 pay scale .
The Commission were sympathetic to the issue but agreed that the accommodation arrangements for Ministers ' drivers was the responsibility of the Executive .
5.4 Audit on Disabled Access Ms Lewsley is to meet with the member of staff who will be taking forward this issue .
All these changes mean that asylum seekers who were found to be credible by adjudicators may well be able to use these new circumstances to lodge fresh claims .
" The manager has brought in some young , exciting players who are prepared to work hard and that 's a big thing these days. " For people like myself , Cameron Jerome , Stephen Kelly , we have a great opportunity at Birmingham and we 're hungry to do well .
I keep making runs and tend to get into the right positions .
I was top scorer for Blackburn Rovers when we reached the FA Youth Cup final and at Colchester , including my first season , I scored 28 goals in 82 starts .
Comfortable sofas , easy chairs , wooden panelling and a palette of calming shades have created a welcoming atmosphere in which to learn about your next port of call , and with a selection of over 3,000 books you will be spoilt for choice , whether you wish to embark on a fact-finding mission , or simply dip into the eclectic range of literature .
Took timeout to start a family and try stop a warìOne of UK 's Hottest asian Comic.Great Stand up Comic Brace your Selves For Haqi " ( Snoop Mag Jan01 ) I have performed comedy stand up for BBC on a number of accations also i have done a lot of anti war gigs and fundrasers .
Haqi ali click here to respond In response to : Haqi Ali haqiali@hotmail.com nadeem Date : 07/05/2005 hi mate how are long time not seen click here to respond In response to : haqi ali haqiali@hotmail.com glen hemans glenroyhemans@birmingham.gov.uk Date : 10/11/2005 hi haqi. saw your show at the glee club last night , it was brilliant. you came to my centre 4 months ago and done some video work. you told me that you would video our music video. please could you let me know if this is still ok and give me a contact number as i have lost the one you gave me .
This report highlights some of the varying problems facing policy makers in dealing with the issue of climate change .
The other problem is that the changes are largely imperceptible to the naked eye and so it is very difficult in such circumstances for people to take the issue with the seriousness that it perhaps deserves .
They have the difficulties of persuading the public to take these matters seriously and that the welfare of not just our children but also our children 's children is important .
Click on the menu option above for Parts List , this is a link to one of our suppliers and details a much larger range of items than we have here , and is updated regularly .
Or click here Parts Lists to go directly Latest News Our Checkout is now through a Secure connection for your safety Our Store - Web Hosting - Web Hosting Starter Pack " Web Hosting Starter Pack " There are currently no reviews for this product .
Review this product ... Your own Email address , i.e. yourname@yourname.co.uk Web Hosting , did you know that for as little as £ 15 per year , plus VAT , you could have your own website !
Each family member can have their own email address , no more having to use just one .
Flexibility will continue to be vital - we want to ' free up ' the qualification base and enable progression from one type of award to another - to keep building bridges .
JOB PURPOSE Under the direction of the Business Development Manager to plan substantial elements of the New Company Headquarters acting as advisor on building related matters in terms of design , performance and cost , having regard to current legislation .
To ensure the new Headquarters building has a clear building management plan which includes : That statutory duties are fully complied with ; Planned maintenance routines are established in line with best practice ; That energy saving plans are effective and good environmental conditions are maintained for employees ' well being ; That records are kept in a structured way to ensure that long term maintenance issues are easy to solve as base data is readily available .
To monitor and control building and fit out work being undertaken to achieve the projects defined objectives from initiation to project close down ensuring that building related project elements are delivered in accordance with the proper plan .
To carry out ongoing checks on agreed work packages to ensure that only such work as has been agreed is paid for subject to this work being satisfactory .
To undertake the control of the form of building contracts from award of contract to final completion including issue of variations , stage payments and imposition of liquidated damages as appropriate .
Project amounts which will total approximately £ 17.5 million .
To liaise with members of the senior workforce as required and advise on the monitoring and progressing of building and associated works according to agreed programmes of work .
QUALIFICATIONS/EXPERIENCE The postholder should possess a building related qualification e.g. HNC or professional qualification or full Technical Certificate , have relevant knowledge and experience ( minimum of 10 years ) e.g. site agent experience .
It is proposed that the results of these tests will be incorporated into a further development project which aims to pilot the framework further with employers who participated in the original research conducted by FOCUS Central London .
This pilot will aim to investigate the impacts that the use of the framework could have upon these company 's appreciation of their own IT skills needs and the ways in which this influences their own staff recruitment , retention and training activity .
Places to visit : Liseberg Amusement Park Sweden‚Äôs top attraction - a vast amusement and leisure park with rides , games , stalls , restaurants , gardens and live entertainment .
As we now work longer hours than ever before , individuals are increasingly looking for jobs that not only reward them financially but , more importantly , provide them with high levels of job satisfaction , empowerment , motivation and the opportunity to develop their career potential .
' Adding value ' is one of the most over-used expressions in the recruitment industry - we all talk about it all of the time .
In reality , the ability of any business to add value rests with its front-line staff ; and if it wants to get the most out of those staff then they need to clearly understand what the business expects from them , above and beyond their formal contract of employment and job description .
It may be obvious but this covers many intangibles that cannot be taken for granted : upholding the company reputation and being loyal ; maintaining high levels of attendance ; being punctual ; working extra hours when required ; and being flexible and courteous to clients and colleagues ; being honest and coming up with new ideas .
Not only that , but if your staff are confident that their best interests are being looked after , and that their capabilities and needs are being fully integrated into business processes and planning , they will be motivated to do the best possible job .
It 's that something ' else ' that can inspire loyalty , commitment , trust and is the greatest motivator to succeed .
The detail of these changes can be viewed by selecting one of the links below : Old Supplier ID - Data Transfer Catalogue ( DTC ) Change Proposal Form New Supplier ID - Data Transfer Catalogue ( DTC ) Change Proposal Form Contact Notice Facility - Change Proposal Form In November 2004 , a further change relating to Agent Appointments was approved and will be implemented in June 2005 .
Details of the change can be viewed by selecting the link below : Agent Appointments - Change Proposal Form Following the review by industry of the proposed solutions issued on 20th December 2004 , final changes and modifications were developed by the Central Programme Team and raised into formal industry governance during the early months of 2005 .
Awaiting Authority consent GTC322/GPL21 To mandate the provision of the New Supplier identity to the Old Shipper as part of the Ceased Responsibility Notice Out for final comment , submission for Ofgem approval expected by end of June GTC323/GPL22 To allow the use of an Old Supplier Estimated Read as a Change of Supplier Meter Reading Out for final comment , submission for Ofgem approval expected by end of June GTC324/GPL23 To allow the use of a new type of read - an early or Point of Sale read - in estimating a Change of Supplier Meter Reading Out for final comment , submission for Ofgem approval expected by end of June GUC2 To allow the use of an Old Supplier Estimated Read as a Change of Supplier Meter Reading Awaiting Authority consent GUC3 To mandate the provision of the New Supplier identity to the Old Shipper as part of the Ceased Responsibility Notice Awaiting Authority consent UGI11 To allow the use of an Old Supplier Estimated Read as a Change of Supplier Meter Reading Awaiting Authority consent UGI12 To mandate the provision of the New Supplier identity to the Old Shipper as part of the Ceased Responsibility Notice Awaiting Authority consent
Some adults and children will find that the book starts slowly compared to newer novels ( which often have the equivalent of a chase sequence in the first 5 pages ) .
Jim and his mom owned a bed and breakfast.One of the customers was the Captain and he had a lot of treasure .
Customer Rating : Review Summary : Great introduction , pleasure and presentation Review : We know this is a good story and we know that its a long story .
However as they grow older -5 and 6- their patience is less , but their curiosity , knowledge and imagination still thirst .
On the ground investigations by Greenpeace in Brazil have discovered mahogany logging on Indian lands , which is strictly prohibited , use of fraudulent documents and falsified mahogany inventories .
The mahogany business has also been linked to political corruption , money laundering , death threats and murder .
" However , when Greenpeace wrote to Environment Minister , Michael Meacher , asking for copies of the required permits and documents that UK importers are legally obliged to complete for mahogany , he refused - hiding behind the Data Protection Act .
" Notes to Editors : ( 1 ) Images from Greenpeace 's on-the-ground investigations in Brazil and of Brazilian mahogany products in the UK are available from the UK Press Office ( 2 ) Copies of all correspondence are available from the UK Press Office Further information : Contact : Greenpeace press office on 020 7865 8255 Related Stories Ancient forests campaign homepage Press Releases Montague Meyer : ' Stop destroying my forest home ' Environmentalists call on Blair to protect Asia 's forests MPs call for law to ban illegal timber imports Deni Indians win legal right to their Amazon land Death threat to Greenpeace Amazon campaigner Briefing Documents Report : Partners in mahogany crime Media brief : Protect the Amazon not the criminals
The retina inside the eye can move in 3 dimensions enabling the spider to look in all directions and focus on a subject .
These pictures will be part of a CD ROM with 3D images of insects spiders and other small creatures .
Margaret ' the Maid of Norway ' 1286-1290 On the death of Alexander III , his only surviving descendant and the recognised heiress to Scotland was Margaret , known as the Maid of Norway .
Guardians were appointed to govern the Kingdom in the young Margaret 's name .
According to the terms of the treaty of Birgham in 1290 the marriage proposal was accepted by the Scots on condition that Edward recognised the independence of the Scottish nation .
The most ideal locations to situate a home office , in order of best to second , third ad fourth best are the North ( the Career Sector ) , the Southwest ( the Wealth sector ) , the Northeast ( Skills and Talents sector ) or the South ( the fame and recognition sector. ) If possible try to locate your home office in one of those locations .
Always sit with a solid wall behind your back to ensure that you have support in your life .
In the office always place the fax machine , telephone , and computers in the southeast wealth sector , as this will attract more contacts .
Position your desk to have a clear view of the door .
Avoid placing cactuses in your office as the needles of these plants are thought to create negative shar chi .
In your office , never have the main door opening into your desk as this causes you to be faced with unexpected situations to deal with .
If this is unavoidable , place a mirror above the front door looking in and facing the staircase .
Also place mirrors here to direct the chi into your office .
Place a fish tank or fishpond in the southwestern corner of your office .
To enhance your wealth and prosperity , position your indoor water feature in the southeast element of your home or office .
If you have a company signboard or logo it should be optimally placed in the southeastern area , the Southern area or the northern area of your home office .
So , whether you are a start up or a well established company.your computer furniture business is top priority at 247 Workspace. office furniture.com Office Furniture for the Home Office and Small Office Furniture Storage Solutions - Furniture storage containers give you the ability to store furniture and office equipment without incurring the costs of moving to larger premises Angelo 's Office Furniture & Supplies Angelo 's Office Furniture & Supplies offers commercial-grade office furniture/office supplies to both private and governmental entities throughout the U.S. Office Furniture Warehouse of Pittsburgh - Supplier of new & preowned office furniture .
Produces comprehensive product range from office to hospitality , from public area to institutional. www.computerdeskinfo.com Check out computer desk info for information on the industry 's leading office furniture , and a fine selection of products ranging from computer desks to ergonomic office chairs .
No stress , no sleepless nights , no agonising stomach churning self doubt as you approach the examination room - it is actually a very pleasant experience showing off just how good you are at your job , as opposed to how well you have managed to memorise the material to answer that day 's questions.Degree of Satisfaction I can only liken this to taking medicine .
Possibly it is because after all these ( 22 ) years I have suffered so much in trying to get back into the necessary mindset for taking exams in order to achieve it , that the reward will seem all the greater for it .
The publicity department of the Southern Railway used the opportunity in naming the class as a public relations exercise .
A lot of business was generated by schools traffic and it was decided to name the class after public and private schools , not only ones on Southern territory , but also from other parts of the country .
Q. Do I need to have any grade theory exams to take a Rockschool exam ?
No , there is no need to have taken any theory exams to take a Rockschool exam .
Q. I 've been playing for quite a while and would like to take grade 5 but have n't taken a grade exam before .
Do I need to have previous grades to take this exam ?
You can take any Rockschool exam at any grade without having taken a prior or equivalent exam .
Ideally , if you have n't taken an exam before , you might like to consider taking an exam at a slightly lower grade to gain some experience of taking an exam .
Free choice pieces are an alternative to playing a piece/pieces from the syllabus books .
Much of the work of the Unit , particularly in materials modelling , technical textiles and nano-technology meets both the local and national Foresight key issues and prioities and are fundamental to the future development of NI and indeed GB industry .
The New Forest Show is definitely not to be missed , not only because the range of events provides entertainment for everyone , whatever their interests , but also always remembering that this is the opportunity to come and see demonstrations of our rural activities , help promote the countryside and protect our rural heritage Discounted advanced tickets for the Show are now available from a range of outlets across the county and from the show office on 01590 622400 .
grants for first time home buyer arizona real estate brokers summit properties how to buy real estate notes villas for rent in france louisiana lafayette real estate listings durham new york realestate estate agents property for sale st davids pembrokeshire rent villas animal kingdom lodge bemidji real estate first time home buyer calgary alberta Bagel in Harlem With hundreds of churches in Harlem , real estate developers have begun transforming these houses of .. .
Do n't just fit the alarm and forget about it , regularly check the battery is still working , and replace it every year .
If there is ever a fire in your house always touch the door before you open it , if the door is warm their could be a fire on the other side so try to get out another way .
Finally , ALWAYS ensure that you have a quick an simple route to get out of your house in event of a Fire - too Many locks & bolts can result in you becoming trapped !
BACK INFORMATION INDEX bogus callers | buildings & contents | buying a caravan | caravan security | cctv cameras | con-men | fire safety | help panel | home security | introduction | making a claim | marking security | money saving tips | postcoding | risk assessment | safe at home | shed & garage | smartwater | stop thieves
I would like to see one of your raw images to experiment with , if you do n't mind e-mailing me one .
When caught in fishing nets - in particular gillnets - many of these cetaceans , which need to come to the surface for air , get trapped underwater and drown .
Urgent action is needed - and we developed this ranking to help governments and aid agencies know where their money and efforts can really make a difference .
" Between 1993 and 2003 , fisheries in the United States introduced changes , such as modifications to fishing gear , that reduced cetacean bycatch to one-third of its previous levels .
Search the news Further information Read the report bycatch - the capture of unwanted fish and other species in fishing gear online .
The Graduate School has its own computing facilities which are part of the School 's Windows NT network .
Would n't it be sensible if different rules and regulations were allowed to apply to low impact dwellings : houses made from little more than wood and earth ?
The Round House featured in the article below has planning permission as a performance space and is in a woodland , which has been opened up to the public .
No force of nature has been found to explain this : the stones , the henge and the men who moved them are all of a mystery , one that persists to this day .
The energy for hauling and drawing , nailing and sawing , and mixing the pug ( a mix of sand , clay and straw used for binding the cordwood walls ) was entirely human .
Its earth floor has been tamped by dancing feet ; within its walls songs have been sung , hands have been held , love has been made , two dogs have chased madfully and gleefully across and through its space .
Conversations - banal , hilarious , comradely and erudite - have happened in earshot and , yes , load upon loadful of pug has been trampled and trod and trampled once again as human cement-mixers dredged up energy from places they knew not where to get the mixture mixed .
Twenty six people worked together to build this house : all gave something of themselves to it ( one gave literally of herself - her shorn dreads are now mixed in with the pug. ) All twenty six have taken with them something of its spirit .
These twenty six represent the future : we shall go forth to sow seeds of like houses .
It may be through music or poetry or in the example of a life well and thoroughly lived that the spirit of this little house comes to light .
With online banking & banks you can take control of your money and deal with your finances ... privacy of your own home , online banking and banks services mean that ... www.lifestyle-money.co.uk Wachovia Bank Online Banking .. .
The English nouveau riche like to rendezvous , en route , with their partner and wish them bon appetite before they start their hors d'oeuvre 's !
Whilst the majority of these words have not received official recognition a number have , perhaps due to the channel tunnel , le pipeline and le bulldozer have been officially adopted. : : The Language Lowdown Who speaks it ?
Detective Constable Anderson , making a microscopic analysis of the wrapping paper that had surrounded the body , discovered and deciphered a faintly-written name and address .
Perhaps this helped the detectives by firmly linking Dyer to her business activities , or by giving them a firm time and location to arrange her arrest .
Dyer , expecting her new client , opened her door to find Anderson and James waiting for her .
" It was clear that the Wernick team had the experience and detailed design solutions to undertake the project and all the logistical problems that came with it " , he continued .
Marley Building Materials Ltd ( Thermalite ) is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Etex Group SA ; it is currently composed entirely of the aircrete concrete products business known as Thermalite .
Dense aggregate blocks are the cheapest , heaviest and poorest insulators , with lightweight aggregate blocks being lighter and better insulators , and aircrete blocks being the lightest and best insulators .
Horizontal issues The parties ' combined share of the supply of aircrete blocks in the UK is in the range 60-70 per cent ( see note 2 ) , with this merger giving rise to an increment in the range 30-35 per cent ( see note 3 ). Taking into account the recently completed merger of Tarmac plc and Durox Building Products , there are only two other producers of aircrete blocks in the UK ( one of which supplies blocks from Northern Ireland to mainland UK , and has only a very small share of supply in the UK ) .
There are high , but not insurmountable , barriers to entry for aircrete block production , as indicated by a relatively recent entrant producing only aircrete blocks .
National buying companies negotiate a national price for aircrete blocks , which may be subject to variations in cement prices , but is otherwise fixed for the negotiated period .
Third party views I have received numerous comments from third parties , in particular customers .
Almost all those who provided a view were concerned about the effects of the merger .
There are , however , substantial doubts about the effectiveness of these constraints ( some of which might in any case be weakened as a result of forthcoming fiscal and regulatory changes ) in the face of the potential duopoly power of the remaining producers .
I have also taken note of the concerns of customers .
Vocational education and training in Tanzania and Zimbabwe in the context of economic reform Review of experiences of Vocation Education and Training in Tanzania and Zimbabwe Bennell , P. ; Bendera , S. ; Kanyenze , G. ; et al / Department for International Development ( DFID ) , UK , 1999 This report summarises the main findings of two studies on Vocational Education and Training ( VET ) provision since the mid-late 1980s in Tanzania and Zimbabwe .
HSRC recommended reading Advanced market commitments for vaccines : a new tool in the fight against disease and poverty Advanced market commitments are innovative and cost-effective tools to combat global disease Tremonti , G. / Department for International Development ( DFID ) , UK , 2005 This report , prepared for the G8 Finance Ministers , argues that Advanced Market Commitments ( AMCs ) for vaccines are a cost-effective and innovative tool to combat global diseases such as malaria and AIDS .
Saving lives , relieving suffering , protecting dignity : DFID 's humanitarian policy Outlines DFID 's three priorities in humanitarian assistance DFID / Department for International Development ( DFID ) , UK , 2006 This policy statement details how DFID plans to prioritise and deliver its humanitarian work in the future , focusing on the poorest countries .
Success of the state owned enterprise restructuring and enterprise development project 1999-2004 The transition from a planned to a market economy in China DFID / Department for International Development ( DFID ) , UK , 2005 This briefing outlines a £ 21 million project was designed to assist China in its transition from a planned to a market economy .
IT Transport ; DFID / Department for International Development ( DFID ) , UK , 2005 This is a report on a study designed to test the applicability of conventional Stated Preference and Revealed Preference models for valuing the time- savings of rural travellers in least developed countries and to develop and demonstrate a robust methodology for estimating values of travel time savings which could be used in developing countries .
Community participation in rural transport : contribution and participation issues in Vietnam Community participation in rural transport in Vietnam Mekong Economics ; South East Asia Community Access Programme ( SEACAP ) / Department for International Development ( DFID ) , UK , 2005 This study assesses the kind and range of contributions for rural transport development paid by local people and their impact on local livelihoods .
Family fortunes : analysis of changing livelihoods in Maasailand Assessing the trade-off between poverty alleviation and wildlife conservation in Maasailand Cochrane , K. ; Nkedianye , D. ; Partoip , E. ; Sumare , S. ; Kiruswa , S. / Department for International Development ( DFID ) , UK , 2005 Working in collaboration with the Belgian funded project ëBetter policy and Management Option for Pastoral Lands : Assessing Trade off between poverty alleviation and wildlife conservation ( Reto-o-Reto ) ' , this project aims to identify the direction and drivers of change in Maasai livelihoods and analyse at household level those factors and institutions that the Maasai consider help or hinder their More ... † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † † †
His neighbour , Charles Searle , dealt in all kinds of leather goods , and supplied the boot and shoe trade with their requirements .
A few years later he again offered his services and was elected , but only sat for twelve months .
Joining Mr. Slinn , he started a small brewery in Market street , buying the premises then used as a flour mill , The brewery traded under the name of Slinn , Searle and Co. The whole of the premises mentioned , that is , from the bottom of High street to Searle 's shop , were demolished some years ago , the site now being occupied by William Deacon 's Bank , Bank Buildings , and Henry Gough , Ltd. Next to Searle 's shop came the Black Horse , which has not altered much .
A daughter of Mr. Barker at one time owned three houses in Moorgate terrace , the bottom one , although fully furnished , remaining tenantless for many years , and became known as the ' Haunted House ' , This lady frequently visited the house , it was said , to ruminate in the garden on what might have been .
The first wedding I remember seeing with red druggeting laid in the churchyard was when her daughter married Mr. Bingham , a provision merchant in Westgate , I remember we thought it ' some ' wedding , especially when we saw the churchyard thus decorated .
The brothers Brettell were stationers. their shop being the principal one in the town for valentines , Both were cripples , and so short , that their heads only just reached above the counter top .
Internet safety highlighted in new campaign The Home Office has issued new guidance on how to keep children safe on the internet .
This causes a Post Dural Puncture ( Spinal ) Headache , which usually settles in a few days , but may continue to be problematic for several weeks in a minority of cases .
- When I start Live TV I get a " Decoder Error " message - What graphics cards are supported/working ?
Errors Messages ( http://www.hauppauge.co.uk/board/showpost.php?p=31607&postcount=5 ) - My system is unstable when running Media Center - I get a " No Tuner Available " error after installing my card - I 'm having problems setting up my card - Media Center Hangs When Starting Live TV ( ATI card ) - I get an error about VGA drivers not being supported - I 'm using MCE2005 that I downloaded from a P2P network and ... Digital Terrestrial ( NOVA ) & Hybrid ( HVR ) specific ( http://www.hauppauge.co.uk/board/showpost.php?p=31610&postcount=6 ) - Channels are stuttering ( Nova-t PCI , HVR-1100/1300 ) - ITV1 , ITV2 , price-drop.tv and E4+1 are missing guide data - E4 is n't found during channel scan - Can I use both digital and analogue of the HVR-1100/HVR-1300 in Media Center ?
- Channels are missing , ca n't enable in Edit Channels Analogue ( PVR ) Specific ( http://www.hauppauge.co.uk/board/showpost.php?p=31611&postcount=7 ) - PVR-150/500 : Image is stretched vertically - PVR-150/500 : Line-In is distorted - PVR-150/500 : Image is double-imaged vertically - PVR-150/500 : Composite inputs have patterning around brightly coloured objects - PVR-USB2 : Code 10 Errors after reboot - PVR-USB2 : Line-in audio is distorted Image Quality ( http://www.hauppauge.co.uk/board/showpost.php?p=31612&postcount=8 ) - My MCE system has bad quality on my TV - Tweak nVidia PureVideo Decoder - Which MPEG2 decoder do you recommend ?
" NO " means that is n't directly accessible , but it will still work with Hauppauge 's software because XP MCE2005 is just Windows XP .
Move your recorded TV shows out of the Recorded TV folder before running When I start Live TV I get a " Decoder Error " message Make sure that you have installed an MCE2005-compatible decoder - these are not free .
NOTE : You must have Windows set up for the correct Region .
Chris 18-03-2006 , 07:58 PM Errors Messages My system is unstable when running Media Center Running MCE2005 is very intensive on a system , especially when running full screen .
So , in the newer drivers Hauppauge have enabled the auto-locking feature of the CX22702 demod ( on 88x based cards ) .
However , knowing all that , if you still want to use both cards together , you can set UseFreqOffSetDVBT to 167 which will stop the Hauppauge card from ignoring 167KHz .
Hauppauge have their own plugin which will install under More Programs .
MCE2005 Update Rollup 2 ( aka Emerald/MCE2005.5 ) has native DVB-T Radio support through the Guide and MyTV along with timeshift and recording features .
A lot of people set Brightness , Contrast and Saturation very high ( as do the manufacturers defaults , as do the people in the electrical stores ) .
It may appear washed out at first , but once you get used to it you will see how much better the image is .
Even if we still owned a car , we would have had to hire one , as ours would n't have been anywhere near where we are at the moment .
Monday , 29th May Today is Bank Holiday Monday , but there is nothing here to make us realise it .
It 's very large for a village church , but apparently is only one third of its original size .
All that remains is a mound and a small pile of stones .
The Nene goes on to The Wash and the sea , but we turn right and go out on The Middle Level .
We walked in to town and had an Italian meal , but it was rather indifferent , and we quite wished we 'd eaten at the Chinese restaurant which was right by our boat .
We had gone far further than the map indicated , and still there was no turn ... ... Slowly the penny dropped that somehow we had missed the turn .
All gift boxes are sent packed in protective wrapping , so they 'll arrive as lovely as they left us .
News 15 December 2004 Employers Must Get Onboard to Tackle UK Skills Shortage A report released today ( Wednesday ) , by the National Audit Office ( NAO ) on improving adult literacy and numeracy identifies low skilled workers as one of the hardest to reach groups when it comes to tackling literacy and numeracy problems .
There are all sorts of barriers that stop people from tackling their skills gaps and trade unions and bosses can do an enormous amount to break many of them down .
The information they gather is then ranked in order of relevancy depending on a mathematical algorithm that only the search engine knows .
On the eve of the Battle of Agincourt , Henry tours the camp in disguise and , sounding out the opinions of his men , is led to consider the heavy responsibilities of kingship .
VIOLENT CRIME : AS incidents involving knives continues to be a worrying feature of violent crime , it is vital that those who inflict injury , or take life , must suffer the consequences .
Sentences rarely reflect the suffering of victims , or the pain and distress of loved ones .
The 1997 elections did n't put in place a socialist government .
It brought in a more moderate form of right-wing politics which not only kept the divide but reinforced it as seen by the growth of so-called jobs , call centre and service industry , in the South while here in the North our traditional industries have all but gone .
The richer the person , the more determined they seem to hold on to every last penny by any legal means , through offshore trusts or by living abroad .
Why does n't Mr Blair and his hangers-on give up their spare homes to charities , and save us all a fortune .
Phasing out nuclear power stations and providing alternative energy supplies , whether North Sea oil , gas and electricity or wind power combined with the retention of the most economic pits , could have provided long-term stability for both for industry and home owners.We read that we have to pay inflated prices for our gas supplies from Europe , the pits have closed and suddenly the nuclear debate has reemerged .
" The charity is particularly successful at targeting people with significant barriers to employment , and we do this by being present in the heart of their communities , like the outreach centre they visited today .
Mr Foster , who is a member of the Select Committee on Work and Pensions , said : " I 'm delighted to see first-hand this project which is designed to help unemployed people in my constituency get back into work .
" Work is not only often the best way out of poverty and exclusion but can also help with a range of health disadvantages too .
The Tomorrow 's People advisers help clients every step of the way along the path to employment , through one-to-one support ranging from helping with language difficulties , filling out application forms , to opening a bank account for the first time .
The professional performing arts : celebrate the creative diversity of Wales and its people reflect a confidant and dynamic Wales to Europe and the rest of the World nurture the health and well-being of the people in Wales fulfil the aims and objectives of National Assembly policy provide a significant contribution to the Economic Development of Wales by creating jobs and attracting inward investment .
21.6 % of adults in Wales attend plays once a year or more. bring benefits to the economy of Wales .
As we go about our daily lives , engaging with other members of society , we ca n't avoid the implications of these subjects , yet only a few of them can be studied at school .
A degree in the Social Sciences consequently equips you to play a highly effective role in society through possession of a deeper understanding of its nature and acquisition of relevant skills to improve your employability .
FLEXIBLE CHOICES Admission to specific subjects through UCAS gives you access to a wide range of subjects within the Faculty .
Within the MA degree you will initially choose to study a number of the Social Sciences and then face a range of possibilities as to how you might continue the study of one or two of them through to the Honours level .
The choice extends to permitting you to study subjects drawn from other faculties of the University , particularly Arts and Science ; you can even study some of these to an Honours level along with a Social Science , if necessary transferring between faculties to reach your chosen degree programme .
In second year you continue the study of two of them to greater depth in Level-2 courses , together with Level-1 study of a fourth subject .
Level-1 courses are carefully constructed introductions to subjects , preparing you to take your study to a higher level .
The MA 's characteristic balance between breadth and depth of study rests on its requirement that over two years you choose four subjects , two of which are studied in both years .
So in planning your personal choice of programme , think about taking at least three subjects , not just one .
MA ( SOCIAL SCIENCES ) WITH HONOURS Honours study offers you the opportunity to specialise in one subject ( Single Honours ) or both subjects ( Joint Honours or Principal Honours ) which you have already studied to Level 2. This table shows the wide range of Honours degree programmes offered by the Faculty of Social Sciences ; others involving individual Social Sciences are also available in Arts and Science .
Note that progression to Honours is not automatic or guaranteed by your admission to the Faculty , but depends on you having reached the required standard of performance in preceding levels of study of the subject .
To take sensible advantage of this flexibility every student , before arriving at the University , is assigned an Adviser of Studies to guide them through the practical choices available and the University and Faculty regulations related to the degree .
RESEARCH-LED TEACHING The Faculty devotes considerable care and attention to the construction of its courses and programmes .
Past graduates have chosen a wide range of careers , some using the specific knowledge gained through their degree and many by using the wide range of key skills acquired .
Death is not the end of life just a stage in its process .
A hospice is a place where people who have a terminal ( fatal ) illness can find respite care during their illness and then return home .
Although many of the doctors and nurses who work at the hospices may be Christian the patients can be of any faith or of none .
Hospices are concerned not only with the physical heath of their patients but also with their emotional , psychological and spiritual health .
The purpose of Christian care is " ..to glorify God by affirming the sanctity and dignity of life - that even the time of death can be filled with a living hope , based on trust in Jesus Christ as Lord of life and death " Mission statement of Southwest Christian Hospice - Atlanta Georgia USA St. Christopher 's Dame Cicely Saunders founded the first modern hospice in London in 1967 .
It was founded on the principles of caring for the sick , researching into pain control , and teaching nurses and doctors how to cope with terminal disease .
It is especially sad to see children with terminal diseases.We expect old people to be ill , and we expect to die when we are old ; but to see children dying is very distressing .
There is something deeply , unshakeably right about eating food in season : it is about the quality of the ingredients too , their provenance and the way they are cooked , but the very best eating is also about the feeling that the time is right .
I worry that today it is all too easy to lose sight of food 's natural timing and , worse , to miss it when it is at its sublime best."‚Ä¶ ( " The Kitchen Diaries " ) Staffordshire is a county for all seasons , and with such a great choice of venues , you 'll find the right place whatever the occasion .
Look for seasonal dishes on the menu , and enjoy the best of locally produced ingredients reflecting the flavours of the countryside and the time of the year .
" Do n't worry about me " said Jazz Mann , from Babylon Zoo , " When I was having a hit , I used to dream every night of working in an office typing shoe sizes into a database and now that I do that very job , I dream every night of being in Babylon Zoo so it feels like nothing has really changed at all " Babylon Zoo always said that they 'd split after they 'd raised enough money to sponsor all the animals at London Zoo - thus owning enough stakes in the company to force management to rename it ' Babylon Zoo ' .
At least people Like JAS can produce artistic music but people like you only produce CRAP LIKE THI WEB SITE .
His guidance through this multi-discipline maze is thoughtful and clear , and even though you have to be prepared to dip your toes into the waters of critical theory , he has a reassuring manner which makes it a pleasant intellectual experience .
It would also be interesting to consider why something deprecated in one code ( switching point of view in film , for instance ) is permitted in another , such as narrative fiction .
Semiotic theory claims that it can reveal the codes and conventions shaping what we might otherwise think of as ' natural ' , which makes it a powerful tool for analysing all forms of culture and human communication .
The first outbreak starts one to three weeks after the virus has been contracted .
The treatment should be started as soon as the first symptoms appear .
You need to be aware that you will have to give your credit card number for this and that if you do not cancel at the end of your seven-day period an annual subscription fee will be billed .
Book Reviews , under Hot Topics on the left-hand menu bar leads not only to the current reviews but also to a fully searchable archive .
SPECIAL FEATURES Book Bag can be found under Hot Topics on the left-hand bar , and leads to an eclectic set of book recommendations on particular themes from authors such as Rick Moody , Jane Hamilton and John Franzen .
Audio has its own homepage .
There is a wide range of new audiobook reviews with a facility to browse by genre from the left-hand navigation bar .
The building has received praise for its build quality and timeliness of completion .
Despite construction and weather delays to the buildings the 80-bed barrack block has been handed over to the station and is being utilised by new and current station personnel .
The block is fitted out to the latest MOD standards and incorporates several new features such as food preparation areas and low level lighting to provide a more relaxing environment .
The relocated UETF has recently undergone trial runs following the successful transfer from Bruggen and reconstruction at Marham .
We endeavour to foster an awareness and consciousness of the world beyond school and Scotland and the moral responsibilities we all have to make the world a richer and better place .
It needs to be rebuilt and as you can see in the pictures it has been reduced to so much rubble , 90 % of the school buildings have been destroyed and there is no running water or toilets .
The S4 leadership group has organised awareness raising assemblies , displays and have also taken collections .
Teachers stand in one of the damaged rooms The entire year group took part in a sponsored walk on the 14th of June.Thanks go to all who sponsored our pupils We do hope you will support your children generously .
Total funds raised at present are £ 1300 , a fantastic sum !
In the past the main outlet for such scripts was submission to BBC & TV companies and to Film Producers , nowadays however the brilliant technology of DV camcorders and affordable home computer video editing software means that these templates are ideal for amateur films producers too .
Features All of the templates have the following features in common .
Designed for rapid typing : The names of the first twenty main characters are kept in an internal rapid access table ; as you finish typing the dialogue of one character , you press the key-combination of the next character and the computer inserts the relevant name , sets the formatting and is ready for new dialogue .
This is released as SUCCESS-WARE , you do n't have to pay until you have success in selling your first significant script , or make a significant profit from your own production(s ) .
Character names are bold upper+lower case in the left quarter of the page , dialogue in courier font occupies three quarters of the page width , and sound effects are bold small caps and underlined , occupying the right half of the page .
The template includes an automatic cast list and a place for typing your synopsis. [ Example 4 ] STAGE4A There appears to be no definitive standards for stage scripts , whatever looks nice seems to be suitable , so I have supplied 3 variations .
This template ( Stage4a ) produces a stage script roughly like the compact scripts used to publish books like " The Complete Works of Shakespeare " .
Save money on everything you need for your baby How to shop online Once you 've found the item you like click to find more info about it and then to add it to your basket at the kidswindow store chose the right size and colour options and click the add to basket now link .
With every parenting decision you make today , you are sowing the seeds of the teenager of tomorrow .
Now , through her transformational approach combining praise and play with clear boundaries , Dr Tanya shows all parents how they can enable their children to grow and develop while enjoying their individuality .
There are games for children of all ages to enjoy on their own , with a friend or with the whole family .
As parents , we need to understand that the way we behave affects the way our children act and react to us .
The music flowing from this dark dingy venue was mind blowing , I just could n't comprehend how the DJ 's managed to blend in a tune and then let it disappear againÖÖ..this was my introduction to mixing !
As with any vinyl junkie , I needed to find out what these tracks were , so at 16 I began to enter the world of record shops , delving into the likes of Groove records ( now a sex shop I 'm afraidÖ.oh how sad !
After many warehouse parties later , I landed a set on the now infamous Fantasy FM ( Nov 89 ) , playing alongside such legends as DJ Hype , Rhythm Doctor , DJ Krome and DJ Rap .
After a good few months of learning in the darkness of my bedroom , I landed sets at places like the Astoria , Michael Sobell Centre , The Dome ( Tuffnell Park ) , Red Lion Gravesend , up in Scotland , Blackpool , Birmingham and Club Kinetic in Stoke .
Alongside the birth of the label , the vinyl addiction took hold again to find all those tunes that we had missed while away .
With the warlock , we set the Rag & Bone parties up , which have been held at various venues since our return ( and are still going strong ) as well as djing at parties with the Deadsilence crew , Rebel Bass , Phat Bitch , Rude Nation and others .
We want Gravesham to become a high quality place to live in , work in , invest in , and visit .
They come into the house anytime someone opens the door ; and we 've been trying to kill them as quickly as possible ever since we found Hobbes poised to leap from the top of the refrigerator to the ceiling in an attempt to capture one .
I was finishing up some cooking and had taken a break while a bowl of white chocolate cooled before making a frosting for a cake .
I think perhaps Hobbes thought the moth had engaged troops to help battle the fierce tiger and those troops had attacked from the rear because he sprung like a tightly wound watch spring , straight up , pirouetted in mid air and took off to the back of the house .
Selena who throughout this whole episode has been pushed and shoved out of her warm nest has decided that she 's going to retreat as well and takes off in hot pursuit of Hobbes who has by now gotten to the back of the house and turned around only to find Selena chasing him .
" Stephen Margolis , Professor of Economics at North Carolina State University Some went so far as to claim that , by dumping its web browser into the market for free , Microsoft would control who got on the Internet , where they went , and what they would see .
Mozilla built its browser on the source-code of fallen contender Netscape , which was made public in 1998 .
Many self-proclaimed web gurus from these various groups joined the fray of discussion that the W3C had become , and a whole new set of specifications were laid out .
Many of these " new " standards had already been implemented in IE6 ( vertical text , element alpha , ruby characters etc ) , but the new competitors wanted their own syntax , a new " standard " way .
To me it does n't make any sense saying IE is better if there is not one single evidence of proof .
Stating that IE is ` built into the OS¥ does n't make it magically ` better¥ nor does saying it ` loads faster¥ because its built in nature .
Most modern browsers support XHTML 1.0 strict , but IE only claims to support it .
I am a developer but it seems to me that if you eschew all of the technobabble and politics and just look at the products side-by-side ( IE and Firefox ) , that you might be surprised at the result .
I know the people I 've recommended Firefox to have liked this feature .
No zones to worry about , things are clearly labelled and , for the most part , you can tell what individual settings do without consulting a help file .
But when they decided to built the Gecko engine and to change a lot of code its just amazing to see how Firefox performs today .
I can see no reason why they didnt - really. on the other side the mozilla guys are sitting every day , for years , on their project - implementing new features , they are open for new vibes and user demands .
I do n't mind about the lack of tabbed browsing features since I do n't think they 're that useful at all , I like to open multiple windows since I think that browsing that way is much more easier ( claiming that tabbed browsing is " the definite " reason for switching to Firefox is just stupid ) .
About IE 's " longevity " , well , I 'm fine with it , 90 % of websites do n't use CSS 2.0 or 3.0.... most of them do n't even use CSS at all... that 's something to keep in mind .
No one wants to be searching some site about their favorite movie and then get a pop-up about the new wieght-loss program from Jenny Craig !
" With so many details to plan , so many decisions to make and so many people to please , our team of wedding organisers will be on hand to assist with every aspect of your wedding , to create exactly the right atmosphere you require for your special day .
Regiment Way prides themselves on their superb hospitality and our team of professional organisers are dedicated to giving you total commitment to a service that is unsurpassed .
Each letter of the alphabet has two jigsaw pieces , one showing the letter , and one with a picture of an object beginning with that letter .
Jigsaw pieces slot into the pages of the book or can be assembled as a rainbow-shaped alphabet on the floor , or used for matching and other games .
We measure success on the feedback from our clients , retention being the prime criterion .
The book attempts to think about those aspects of cinema , such as affect , that are not reducible to structures of signification or a ' film language ' .
If pushed I would probably say my current favourite film is Wong Kar-wai‚Äôs In the Mood for Love , primarily for its economy of affect and the emphasis put on the image as the primary source of meaning in the cinema .
You will be responsible for preparation of the monthly accounts and reports , supervising two staff within the ledgers team and full support to the Management Accountant .
Primary Duties : * Initiate , direct and execute scientific research and/or development strategies which are critical * Direct all scientific activities related to the study conduct , which includes study design , protocol writing , in life monitoring , data analysis and report writing * Investigate the feasibility of applying a wide variety of scientific principles and concepts to potential medical devices and products * Plan and execute laboratory research , including managing a study team , and communicating effectively with Sponsor and consultants * Maintain a broad knowledge of state-of-the art principles and theories Qualifications : * BS/MA in Toxicology or a related scientific discipline ( preferably PhD. ) * 3-5 years preclinical studies experience in a pharmaceutical or contract laboratory , preferably with large and/or small animal models * Trained in general toxicology in a reputable university or pharmaceutical company * Demonstrated abilities in analytical , quantitative and critical thinking * Good report writing skills * Knowledge of animal welfare regulations Additional Information : Skills Required : Toxicology Study Director , Preclinical studies with pharmaceutical company or contract laboratory , Study design protocol writing in life monitoring , Drug discovery development , Medical devices and products Posted by : : CyberScientific Apply Online | Contact Recruiter Unless otherwise stated , if applying for a job , you must ensure that you are already authorised to work in the country in which the job is based Posted : 30/06/2006 LD Ref : 10896
Ability to develop clear arguments justifying the inclusion of CE in specific areas of the curriculum with particular relevance to their own school .
Ability to use own knowledge and experience of teaching and learning to develop models for the introduction of CE in a variety of contexts .
Students may either look at a particular subject area where citizenship is incorporated , or they may assess the impact of introducing a whole school aspect , e.g. a school council .
Syllabus Plan Day one : a review of the various academic discourses around citizenship , the historical and cultural context introduction to current models of education for citizenship the democratic school : social , moral and ethical issues whole school issues e.g. the ethos of the school , school councils , whole school policies Day two : an introduction to the skills and knowledge required for effective citizenship education ( CE ) a critical analysis of teaching styles appropriate to CE extending the taught curriculum to include a range of subjects : CE across the curriculum , with examples drawn from the arts , humanities , mathematics , science and other areas as relevant collaborative work to produce models for the introduction of CE ( with a clear rationale ) Day three : teaching topical , political , controversial issues : the dilemmas and challenges the role of the teacher in values and political education practical sessions on teaching controversial issues , with examples from current topical events collaborative work to produce lesson exemplars for teaching political or controversial issues Half Day plus Twilight Practical enquiry and investigation , critical reflection , teacher as researcher and the course assignments Tutorial support for the student in the preparation and presentation of the course essay for assessment Reading List Beck , J. ( 1998 ) Morality and Citizenship in Education .
Total Student Study Time : 300 hours comprising the following : 30 hours tuition ( lectures , seminars , tutorials ) 30 hours preliminary directed reading 60 hours additional self-directed reading 95 hours collection of evidence 85 hours preparation for assignment The Associated Practice Study with this module takes place in the Spring Term .
The University reserves the right to make changes to or take down the website or remove or alter any content at any time and without notice .
Feelings of patriotism stifled for decades by the Holocaust came to the fore as Germans started attaching not just one but two and sometimes four national flags to their cars , painted neat little flags onto their faces and cleavages and donned wigs and bras in the national colors of black , red and gold .
They started singing the national anthem with passion in the stadiums and in the " Fan Fests " or public viewing areas , a successful World Cup innovation which gave the millions of people who could n't get match tickets a collective experience of watching football .
Men and women of all ages caught the bug , and there was none of the raucous , tribal passion of England 's fervent fans .
Germany is modern , innovative and creative .
United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan , in Berlin for Sunday 's final , told German television : " I have to say that from everything I saw and heard , it was one of the best World Cups ever .
When the crowds on Berlin 's Fan Fest behind the Brandenburg Gate started getting too big , authorities rapidly arranged for the public viewing area to be increased and more giant screens were deployed within days. It seems the only people who had any concerns ahead of the World Cup were the hosts themselves .
Not just the normal jitters any organizer would have , but deep , ponderous Angst , the German kind .
The Turks , whose own team had n't qualified for the tournament , adopted the German side , and startled many here by waving German flags .
introducing a requirement that certification of the sum due , by one of the contracting parties or a third party , becomes an essential feature of contractual payment mechanisms ; removing the section 110(2 ) requirement for a payer notice ; introducing a right to apply for payment where a certificate is not issued by the due date ; making certain payment mechanisms including pay-when-certified clauses ineffective .
Other proposals are to enhance the existing right of suspension under the Construction Act to allow the suspending party to claim for loss and expense ; prohibit use of trustee stakeholder accounts for awards made by adjudicators ; make " final and conclusive " clauses unenforceable where they apply to decisions under the contract that are of substance to interim payments only .
He is chairman of the Ove Arup Foundation , having been a director of Arup for over 20 years with extensive experience of design and implementation of major projects .
Sir Michael Latham - chaired the review of the Construction Act , which led to the DTI/Welsh Assembly Government consultation last year .
He has recently stepped down as chairman of the Strategic Forum for Construction and is chairing the taskforce on the construction industry 's contribution to the 2012 Olympics .
However , the study of passenger usage on the line that ulimately led to its demise did provide an interesting fact about Windmill End : only 1 person a day used the station to catch a train in the direction of Dudley !
Above-right is the perspective that provides a link with the past : believe it or not , this is a very similar shot to that taken by John Edgnington above !
The links are the houses running right-to-left that were all painted white in the 1957 shot ( the block of four being those mostly obscured by the train in the old photograph ) and , just beyond the row of houses to our immediate right is roof of the house seen immediately to the right of the platform sign in the old photograph - now having a few modifications .
But not only should quad bikes be housed securely for their safety , riders‚Äô safety has also been highlighted by high profile accidents .
Keep your quad bike well maintained , making regular checks to tyre pressures , brakes and throttle .
Ove Bjarnar and Hallgeir GammelsÊter Convergent and Divergent Regional Business Cultures Guido de Blasio and Sabrina Di Addario Labor market pooling : evidence from Italian industrial districts S BrÂthen The viability of regional airports in Norway - are the regional development issues adequately addressed ?
Institution-Building and Collaborative Regionalism in the Governance of " Canada 's Technology Triangle Riccardo Leoncini , Sandro Montresor and Giovanna Vertova Dynamic capabilities : evolving organisations in evolving ( technological ) systems F. Leloup and L. Moyart The regional restructuring of old industrial regions : The case of the Hainaut in Belgium Dr. Joyce Liddle The UK Business Broker Pilot Initiative.Engaging the business community in neighbourhood renewal and social inclusion : Early findings on the North East of England .
Cristina Lion , Paola Martini , and Stefano Volpi Evaluation and Governance : the Italian Experience Michele Limosani and Ferdinando Ofria Widening Unemployment differentials in Italy : The role of competitiveness and regional policy Carla Azevedo Lobo and JosÈ da Silva Costa New Firm Formation : An Empirical Study for Portugal Pardini A. , Longhi F. , Orlandini S. , and Dalla Marta A. Integration of pastoral communities in the global economy Anne Lorentzen Local and global knowledge sourcing in the learning process of Polish companies Karl-Johan Lundquist and Lars Winther Between Sweden and Denmark : The Industrial Dynamics of the ÷resund Region Alessandro Maffioli Regional adjustment to economic integration in Hungary C. MarcianÚ , T. CalabrÚ and A. I. De Luca Achieving aCommon Strategy for an Integrated Rural Development Plan in South Italy Using Analytic Hierarchy Process ( AHP ) Ornella Wanda Maietta Human capital and growth : a case study for the Italian agriculture Enrico Marelli Regional employment dynamics in the EU : structural outlook , co-movements , clusters and common shocks Massimiliano Mazzanti , Paolo Pini and Ermanno Tortia Organisational Innovations , Human Resources and Industrial Relations Irene McMaster and Martin Ferry Regional Governance in Industrial Regions in Central and Eastern Europe : Case Study of Moravia Silesia Theodoros Metaxas and Dimitris Kallioras Medium size cities economic development and regional competitiveness : The case of Larissa - Volos dipole in Thessaly region of Greece Gerry Mooney , Gill Scott and Usha Brown Tackling Poverty and Social Inclusion Post-Devolution : The Case of Scotland Olga Mrinska Traditional Industrial Regions of Ukraine - What Chance of Becoming Leaders in the Process of Transition to Market Economy ?
Sustainable Communities , New Labour and Urban Policy Zolt·n Raffay Business services as determinants of regional competitiveness in Hungary after the systemic change Laura Resmini Specialisation And Growth Patterns In Border Regions Of Accession Countries Jari Ritsil‰ and Jukka Haukka The role of Structural Funds in Developing Learning Regions Ugo Rossi New Regionalism encounters uneven development : The case of the Mezzogiorno of Italy Dr Mike Rowe Communities Beyond Regeneration : sustaining capacity once the money runs out Enzo Rullani Industrial Districts and the Learning Economy Grete Rusten and James Cornford Web-site Strategies and Performance in SMES : Performance Indicators and Regional Challenges Mette Rye , Frode Ohr and Arild Hervik " The Measure Zone " of Northern-Troms and Finnmark - analysis and evaluation of a set of general measures for regional development Mark Sandford English regionalism through the looking glass : Cornwall and the North-East compared Antti Saartenoja Can Urban Regime-Theory Help To Understand Urban-Rural Relations In The Regional Context Anna Segre The Local Territorial Systems and their environmental sustainability Philip Shapira , Jan Youtie and Sushanta Mohapatra Linking Research Production and Development Outcomes at the Regional Level John Shutt , Roger Henderson and Felix Kumi-Ampofo Responding to a Regional Economic Crisis : An Impact and Regeneration Assessment of the Selby Coalfield Closure on the Yorkshire & Humber Region Carlos Nunes Silva and Stephen Syrett Governing Lisbon : Internationalisation , State Power and the City-Region James Simmie Innovation and urban regions as national and international nodes for the transfer and sharing of knowledge Sandrine Stervinou Cultural assets and regional competitiveness The case of a regional marketing network , called " Made in Brittany " ( Western France ) Ernesto Tavoletti High Education and High Intellectual Unemployment : Does Education Matter ?
Tripartite experience under New Labour Helena Valve Rural Development and the New Rural Economy Prof. Dr. Hermann Voesgen Barking up abetter tree : the management of difference in network regions Wim Vanhaverbeke and Peter Cabus The path dependent development of regions : The evolution of urbanized economic concentration areas in Flanders and Belgium Hans van Zon The regional economy of Donetsk and neo-patrimonialism The pitfalls of clan-politics Lajos Veres Analysis of the Transport Infrastructure in the Regions of Europe JÈrÙme Vicente Ambivalences of " Silicon Label " : Network Externalities vs. Information Externalities in Location Dynamics Kimmo Viljamaa and Carlos Martinez Vela Regional Competence Building as a Coevolution of Industry and University Song Wang and Hiro Izushi Evolution of Knowledge Networks : Comparison of Two Sectors in West Midlands Dagmar Grote Westrick and Dieter Rehfeld Clusters and Cluster policies in regions of structural change .
Also in the range is a new room divider ( 1520w x 410d x 1600hmm ) , 2 drawer ( 1150w x 400d x 800hmm ) and 3 drawer console table ( 1450w x 380d x 880hmm ) , 3 door sideboard ( 1560w x 450d x 880hmm ) , square 2 drawer coffee table ( 1000w x 1000d x 380hmm ) and rectangular coffee table ( 1200w x 600d x 440hmm ) , lamp table ( 600w x 600d x 500hmm ) , mirror ( 1200w x 27d x 1000hmm ) and new addition 2 shelf entertainment cabinet ( 950w x 500d x 500hmm ) - see other sections for pictures .
The poor old thing was purchased new , and now has a rather worn binding and some book tape holding it together .
It also contains many of the first magazine clippings that I took and pasted into blank spots , before I began keeping the scrapbooks that I have now maintained for over two decades .
One of the pictures in Lady Longford 's book is the 1972 group photo of the extended royal family taken at Windsor to mark the Silver Wedding of the Queen and Duke of Edinburgh .
The House and family of Windsor was created on July 17 , 1917 by royal decree .
And though Victoria 's descendants , like the family of her youngest son Arthur of Connaught , would figure prominently up into the 1940s , the principal focus after 1917 came to rest on George V and his offspring .
But it is fairly clear that as the Queen 's generation begins to pass away ( Princess Margaret , Sir Angus Ogilvy , etc. ) there will be a regrouping , probably centered on her descendants .
Shortly after the Queen 's accession it was decided that the royal house would continue to be the House and family of Windsor , but this was later modified so that the descendants of Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip not bearing the royal style and title will bear the surname of Mountbatten-Windsor .
Hence it seems that not only public pressure but personal choice will do much to scale back the size of Britain 's Royal Family in the coming years .
I must admit that I would dearly love it if on July 17 , 2017 , as many of the folks in the foregoing list as are living and able could come together for a grand family reunion at Windsor and , of course , pose for a group photo .
Southwark Cyclists are trying to find out what will tempt us out of cars , buses or trains .
JOINT ACTIVITIES WITH THE NATIONAL ASSEMBLY FOR WALES EXPLANATORY MEMORANDUM ON THE MOTION STANDING ON THE ORDER PAPER IN THE NAME OF THE LEADER OF THE HOUSE 1. The Leader of the House has tabled a motion to amend Standing Order No. 137A ( Select committees : power to work with other committees ) to empower the Welsh Affairs Committee to hold formal joint meetings with committees of the National Assembly for Wales .
It identifies a range of factors that need to be considered when analysing three key components of his thesis , adding extensive comparisons with Japan .
Katsh 's central thesis was that law was premissed on communication and the manipulation of information , so the growing shift from print-based to electronic or digital forms of communication and information implied major transformation in law .
Specifically , it implied new techniques of dispute settlement ; challenges for legal doctrines and even the state premissed on control of information ; related challenges to the character of the legal profession ; and greater pressure for substantive equality and more malleable rights .
It came also too early .
Accordingly , with less focus on Japan as such , in Part III I reorganise some insights from Susskind , and more recently Widdison ( 1997 ) , to imagine what the day in the life of a lawyer or ` legal information engineer ' might be like around the year 2020 .
Turning to the relevance of this dilemma in a Japan , a possible threshold objection can be envisaged : the notions that for psychological or other primordial reasons ` the Japanese do not like law ' ( Noda , 1987 ) or that they lag behind other modern democratic economies partly due to venerable Confucian-based traditions ( e.g .
Some have argued that this area is characterised by particular predictability , and Ramseyer 's economic analysis of Japanese law may not apply in other fields , but his logic is compelling .
Foote ( 1995 ) has stressed the need to enquire into the emergence of a key element of predictability in traffic accident dispute resolution , standardisation of judgments , and found considerable judicial activism in the face of technological and social change , a feature he has stressed in other areas of private law such as labour law ( Foote , 1996 ) .
In public law , contrary to the received wisdom that the bureaucracy has run post-war Japan , Ramseyer and Rosenbluth ( 1993 ) developed a public choice model concluding that the politicians are firmly in control in Japan .
` Administrative guidance ' ( gyosei shido ) , namely ` action of no coercive legal effect that encourages regulators parties to act in a specific way in order to achieve some administrative aim ' ( Young , 1984 : 924 ) , may decline overall - or at least in particular sectors - as a result of the Administrative Procedures Law 1993 ( Levin , 1995a ; Koederritzsch , 1996 ; Duck , 1996 ) .
Although this initiative is partly a cost saving measure , a key proposal is to do away with broadly worded enabling provisions ( kengen kitei ). These had allowed much freedom of action for Japanese regulators , especially in central government .
But it will probably also be recorded in writing , pursuant to Article 35(2 ) of the 1993 Law ( see Levin , trans , 1995 ) , whereas previously the guidance - or at least the most contentious guidance - had often only been oral .
After their success in Upper House elections in July , opposition parties called for even broader based disclosure rules for public bodies , including the express provision of a general ` right to know ' ( shiru kenri ) ; application also to special legal entities ( tokushu hojin ) , often spun off from government agencies ; and more limited exceptions ( Asahi Shimbun , 1998a ) .
By introducing online storage systems , Japanese office equipment manufacturers like Ricoh are positioning themselves to benefit from this , as well as the expanded discovery duties under the amendments to the Code of Civil Procedure in effect from January 1998 ( Asia Pulse , 1998a ) .
Yet IT still has not been applied or developed enough to improve knowledge processing .
The number of host computers in Japan directly connected to the global Internet is doubling every 12 months , showing the same rapid growth patterns as elsewhere in the world .
This will further boost the diffusion of Internet in Japan .
As Rosen also points out , the lingua franca of the Internet is still overwhelmingly English ; eMarketer ( 1998 ) estimates that some 90 % of Internet users today are English-speaking , with the top nine countries in Internet links per 1,000 citizens being either English-speaking or Nordic .
( http://www.e-land.com/enews_eover2.html ) Behind this global shift , in eMarketer 's view , lies increasing saturation in the US , but also ( i ) emergence in telecom deregulation and lower costs in previously controlled markets ; ( ii ) increased PC and modem penetration , particularly in Europe , Japan etc ; ( iii ) the growth of eCommerce outside the US ; ( iv ) technological infrastructure developments such as the deployment of midband and broadband solutions ; and ( v ) the continued popularity of online services in Europe .
Perhaps not surprisingly , these two points demanding caution in analysing developments in IT ( the timing and scope of the analysis , and the need for comparisons going beyond just the US and Japan ) parallel the difficulties still with some recent approaches to Japanese law , sketched in Part II.A above .
Let us focus briefly , then , on some key results from one of the most recent careful and broad-based comparative analysis of IT trends , the Information Technology Outlook 1997 from the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ed , 1997a : any unattributed data in the rest of this section come from this report ) , as well as some other recent studies .
Correspondingly , 64 % of corporate PCs were on a network in the US in 1995 , but only 21 % in Japan .
Not surprisingly , given this lack of infrastructure within the office , in early 1996 only 299 Japanese companies were reported to be taking orders and only 48 settling credit card payments with outsiders through the Internet , compared to 8000 and 5000 respectively in the US .
In addition , shipments of workstations ( often used as middle-range servers ) in Japan and in the US showed roughly equal growth in 1990-5 and each totalled around US$4 billion in 1995 , much better than Western Europe .
Japanese PC manufacturers changed their strategy : Fujitsu began producing IBM compatibles at the end of 1993 , while the sole manufacturer of NEC compatibles , Seiko Epson , began producing IBM compatibles in September 1994 and announced in January that it would stop producing NEC compatible PC-98s .
( OECD 1997a : 18 ) These developments and continued strong sales growth will have improved the low ratio of PCs to white-collar workers in Japan , mentioned above , although challenges do remain in that the practice has been to outsource IT work and to have a comparatively low proportion ( some 1 % ) of dedicated in-house IT specialists ( Kumon et al , 1998 : 21 , 26 ) .
More use of PCs should also bring more use of packaged software , encouraging more information exchange between companies which had developed custom-designed software in a spirit of fierce independence and competition ( ibid : 24-5 ; see also Mashima , 1996 ) .
But in 1994 the number of students per computer was still five times that of the US and the UK , albeit only 1.4 times that of France .
The project has been shelved , seemingly due to political uncertainties following the Upper House elections in July 1998 , leaving a paltry connection subsidy of 2 billion yen ( £ 10 million ) based on the Ministry of Education 's suggested ` 2 hours daily of Internet connection time ' .
On a production basis , the sector experienced faster growth than all these countries in office and computing equipment overall , over 1980-93 , as well as radio and television equipment .
Continuing this trend , in fiscal 1997 one of the few areas of increased capital investment for Japanese firms - across the board , but especially by mid-size firms ( with a 20 % increase ) - was in IT ( Asia Pulse , 1998b ) .
In fiscal 1996 , for instance , the Ministry of International Trade and Industry ( MITI ) allocated around 32 billion Yen ( £ 160 million ) to promote electronic commerce in general .
Instead , in 1996 MITI invested £ 170 million in promoting general measures for further job informatisation in the public sector , such as paperless patent applications and development of a new-generation statistical system .
Already , generalised notions that IT in Japan - particularly the expansion of cyberspace through the Internet and networked computing - will be stalled by bureaucratic elites or the essential nature of Japanese society , are belied by recent developments , especially when seen in broader comparative perspective .
However , there are signs - admittedly based on survey data dating mainly from the late 1980s , the height of Japan 's economic boom ( Hamano , 1995 ; 1993 : 39 ) - that even they are turning more to transactional work and ` preventive lawyering ' ( yobo hogaku ). This requires more the skills of the ` legal information engineer ' , and the development of networked computing in Japan ( particularly among corporate clients ) will require bengoshi to develop these skills while providing them too with the necessary technological infrastructure .
The report is rather short and diffuse , listing - without attempting to prioritise - a raft of issues that need to be further studied , ranging from the legal aid system and increasing the number of legal professionals , to legal education reform .
For instance , in 1990 agreement was reached among the Japanese Federation of Bar Associations ( Nichibenren ) , the Ministry of Justice , and the Supreme Court General Secretariat ( which administers the courts ) , to increase the number of those passing the fiendishly difficult bar exam and entering the Legal Training and Research Institute ( LTRI ) beyond the magic 500 per annum , to 700 per annum .
It takes on average 36.8 months to get a first instance judgment in a contended case ( Choy , 1998 ) .
The Association 's entire budget remained a paltry 1.3 billion Yen ( £ 6.5 million ) , however .
At present , most lawyers await clients in their law firms .
Overnight , advanced software will have searched resources in cyberspace to collate ` all but only ' documents relevant to your work and interests .
Already , some software downloads material from particular websites while you sleep - indeed , this feature is pre-installed on my new Sony Vaio PC notebook computer .
Future newsletter software probably will also be able to identify links to , or even directly update , your prior or ongoing work ( ` do-it-yourself ' packages , intelligent checklists , standard form documents , commentaries , collaborative work projects , etc ) .
However , it seems more likely that ` rather than an emphasis on large , permanent law firms , the future will be characterised by individual lawyers combining and recombining into teams - ' ad hoc law firms ' - in order to work for one particular client , or on one particular case or set of cases ( Widdison , 1997 : 151-2 ) .
It will be reinforced by an ethos of professionalism which had generally been associated with a strong emphasis on the role of the individual practitioner , who remains an enduring part of the English legal profession , along with a deep-rooted tendency for clients to form strong personal relationships with ` their own ' lawyers , whom they feel they can and should choose ( see also Arthurs , 1998 ) .
These features are also to be found in Japan , and bengoshi concerned about what has hitherto all to frequently portrayed as the relentless onslaught of the mega-law firm will no doubt breathe a sigh of relief .
Yet , rather than combining with others on major ( often ` public-interest ' ) litigation as in the past and still today , bengoshi will need to prepare themselves for collaboration in more proactive legal information engineering projects .
They too would be primarily involved in proactively analysing and organising specialised information in a user-friendly fashion , and one way of achieving that will be to work with those with different backgrounds to provide one package .
In some cases , an accumulated history of contacts may facilitate mergers of firms across national borders and across disciplines , a trend which emerged in many major economies in the 1980s , but which still faces obstacles under Japanese law ( Choy , 1998 ) .
However the collaboration with the latter might still be less directly relevant than the abovementioned categories of information engineers , targeting a range of individual and business clients rather than a broader audience consisting mainly of relatively young students , especially in Japan where legal education is an undergraduate programme .
Thus , part of the work of and training for specialist advisors will involve developing basic legal theory or philosophy , disciplines that still tend to be somewhat marginalised today compared to ` black-letter law ' subjects , in Japan as elsewhere .
More mundanely , based on the ways specialists are thought to derive their expertise today , Susskind predicts that training to be a specialist in the future may involve two paths .
On the other hand , while the Courts and Legal Services Act 1990 is dismantling the barristers ' monopoly on rights of audience in the higher courts , few appear to have taken advantage of this so far ( Zander , 1997 ) .
This may be a temporary phenomenon , but New Zealand 's experience - where lawyers can and usually do qualify as both barristers and solicitors , yet a distinct class of barristers specialising in court work still persists - suggests that there may be functional reasons for the distinction ( Robertson , 1997 ) .
( Quoted in 493 Lawtalk 1 ( 2 March 1998). ) Judge David Harvey also warned against a shift in skills where ` cut and paste ' becomes a substitute for ` analyse and evaluate ' ( id , p 3 ; see also his paper at the conference , ` Electronic Information and the New Zealand Judiciary ' , http://www.knowledge-basket.co.nz/nzllg/harvey.html ). Thus , if you want to be a judge or adjudicator in 2020 , you may indeed need to take seriously your training as one of the new incarnations of specialist dispute resolvers .
In this Part , including again some references to Japan , I review some developments already and speculate about potential further developments in four areas : entrance examinations , curriculum , teaching methods , and research and publishing .
The main reason may be some perverse egalitarianism : to remind academic staff , as in some other aspects of everyday Japanese university life , that although they may have the social cachet of being called sensei ( teacher ) , they are not above the most mundane of administrative tasks .
Further , the questions could be hyper-linked to reference materials sent with the software and many answers evaluated by the computer programme , like the IOLIS ` courseware ' described in Part IV.C below .
Neither the exam nor the assessment would need to take place at the university .
On the other hand , university education may provide a rare opportunity to glimpse the broader picture , to get an overview of entire areas of law , such as ` Private Law ' or even broader fields of knowledge .
The variety of available materials also can allow a more interdisciplinary approach to these subjects , focusing not just on legal history and legal rules , but also on social and economic context - the law in action ( Nottage , 1997a ; 1998d ) .
Existing views on the allocation of risks and responsibilities will be challenged by developments such as ` vendor managed inventory ' ( VMI ) : Before VMI , a buyer such as a retailer would analyze its sales , and based on its analysis place orders for new inventory .
Thus , if a problem arises under an automated inventory management scheme , we can single out a wayward electronic transmission as an ` offer ' or ` acceptance ' , and apply old rules ( or invent new ones ) as to who bears the risk of it going amiss .
Perhaps these systems can be thought of as ` intelligent agents ' , delegated authority under the original agreement , and agency law reconceptualised accordingly ( Uchida , 1998b ) .
How will they cope with parties who begin with that lack of knowledge but use increasingly sophisticated document assembly programmes allowing ready manipulation of individual clauses or other text in finalising a contract form , often providing checklists and other interactive features in doing so ?
Legal sociology and legal anthropology also will become particularly important as we try to anticipate and move through the sorts of major change to the legal profession which are mooted here ( Charlesworth , 1997).Changes like those just suggested for contract law and practice , and in disputing , will keep legal philosophers busy too ( Uchida , 1998b ) .
First , while legal information engineers will probably tend to develop increasingly specialised knowledge of areas they work in , as mentioned in Part III above , they will also have more contact with other legal information engineers and may need a basic introduction to their fields to work meaningfully with them .
Finally , as well as receiving continuing education in substantive law ( or legal information ) per se , legal information engineers will come to learn how to deliver or repackage legal information for a very broad audience , since legal academics will continue to concentrate more on this .
Thus , ` basic computer literacy ' will probably just mean instructing students on the particular software developed to assist in teaching individual courses .
While most legal information engineers may need this less than the lawyers of today , by relying on virtual networks of colleagues and so on , they will need these skills if they move back into law schools into professional training programmes or into other non-law related careers , or if they go on to become specialist advisors or even adjudicators .
So far , these questions are only beginning to be adequately posed - let alone answered - by those who make higher educational policy in Japan , and the impact of IT is only rarely considered ( c.f .
Further , the focus will likely be on providing very broad overviews of the subject-matter with a view to getting students started , at their own pace , on computer-assisted learning programmes .
However the pattern still often involves one or several students spending most of the time presenting the results of their individual research .
Some ask students to rank statements ; others allow a short free answer which is matched against the correct answer or various incorrect possibilities supplied by the author ; and others require students to set out a response to certain tasks which can then be compared against an answer supplied by the author .
Some authors even prompt students to consider the uncertainty of some areas of law by providing the same feedback whatever answer a student gives , indicating for example that there is scope for differing views on the matter .
The courseware also allows lecturers ( and students , if permitted ) to add annotations to the workbook material , allowing them to integrate the courseware more satisfactorily with their own perspectives .
A related difficulty is that there is little tradition of mooting , or even debating , in Japanese law schools .
But having such e-mail components produced significant savings in tutor effort : freeing them from geographical and temporal constraints , the generation of detailed records of student performance , etc. This autumn , in my LL.M programme course on ` Transnational Business Law : Joint Venturing in Japan ' ( http://www.law.kyushu-u.ac.jp/~luke/tbl98_99.html ) , I will experiment with getting specified students to prepare and circulate by e-mail discussion questions for classes ; informing participants of new material for an ` Information File ' related to class topics , which we compile ; and preparing questions to forward to law related organisations in Osaka which we visit at the end of the course .
Top | Contents | Bibliography D. Research , Conferences and Publishing By 2020 , a changed curriculum and more focus on continuing and professional legal education will mean changes in your areas of research and what you hope to achieve in that research .
You will spend much less research time amidst dusty stacks of books in overflowing law libraries .
This will be a major change for Japanese universities , in which a tradition of respecting ` faculty autonomy ' ( see also Kumon , 1995 ) has tended to mean a plethora of separate faculty or institute libraries fiercely guarded by their own librarians , cataloguing systems , and so on .
Law schools will also face difficult choices about when and how to replace print based media with electronic media , in terms of both relative cost and the risk of titles subsequently being deleted from electronic sources ; whether to charge for some facilities , given that it will probably become technologically very difficult to restrict access but easier to control it ; and whether basic print literacy is to remain a priority for law libraries ( Buschmann , 1997 ) .
This will substitute somewhat for one of the main benefits of physically attending conferences , getting a ` feel ' for a person that only physical proximity will bring , but you will probably develop new sensitivities in developing such a feel even at a distance .
Admittedly , it was short and aimed not just at legal academics , and we benefited from differences in time zones between New Zealand and Germany , which allowed us to work around the clock !
True co-authorship - as opposed to collaboration in writing parts of a book published in joint names , etc. - is still exceedingly rare in legal academia in Japan , however .
A more fundamental reason may be that in the US , the much higher frequency of co-authorship seems to be related to the orientation there of presenting one 's ideas , often at the stage of work-in-progress , before ones peers at seminars and so on , and the related tendency to send around manuscripts at early stages for comments .
This is more than a simple problem of inadequate funding for law schools , although admittedly funding is relatively easy to come by in Japan ( as in the US ) due to the many foundations , especially private ones , supporting collaborative research .
This is so even in Japan , where colleagues and I have inaugurated , on a limited scale , its first electronic law journal ( see http://www.law.kyushu-u.ac.jp/~luke/elawjournal.html ). By providing a new , potentially much more interactive medium , such initiatives may increase the scope for co-authorship , but also transform the ` culture ' of legal scholarship in Japan , and ultimately influence the future course of Japanese law itself .
For it identifies another key parameter in appraising the future path of the law in a cyberspace era : the impact of IT on communities .
This may have arisen because women have been disadvantaged in terms of training and access to computers , due to ingrained prejudices that they involve logic or maths and hence are more suited to men ( Aldridge & Mumford , 1998 : 129 ) ; expectations still that women in families are the primary care-takers , meaning that mean are often simply to busy to spend time with computers ; or weaker earning power outside the home , and hence less disposable income to spend on computers and IT .
This offers some hope that the even lower proportion of women users in Japan , estimated at only around 4 % in 1995 ( Aizu , 1995 ) , may also develop rapidly .
Modernists in the 1970s saw telecommunications and jet travel as creating a global village , and believed that the territorial state , which has dominated world politics since the feudal age , was being eclipsed by non-territorial actors such as multinational corporations , transnational social movements , and international organisations .
Like pundits on the information revolution , they moved too directly from technology to political consequences without sufficiently considering the continuity of beliefs , the persistence of institutions , or the strategic options available to statesmen .
They failed to understand how holders of power could wield that power to shape or distort patterns of interdependence that cut across national boundaries .
Rules will be necessary to govern cyberspace , not only protecting lawful users from criminals but also ensuring intellectual property rights .
Rules require authority , whether in the form of public government or private or community governance .
( ibid : 82-3 ) Others agree that nation-states will not wither away ( Reisman , 1997 ) , even if they have to transform themselves , for instance by more global interaction of component parts of the state such as the judiciary or government regulators : ` transgovernmentalism ' ( Slaughter , 1997 ) .
The development of the Internet already faces problems of congestion ( OECD , 1997a : 141-61 ) , and over the next two decades will face major challenges in operational , functional , and public infrastructure ( Miller , undated OECD report ) .
Jacobson , P. ( 1997 ) Net Law : How Lawyers Use the Internet ( Sebatopol , Ca : Songline Studios Inc ) .
Murakami , J. ( 1998 ) ' Neue Medien und juristische Methodenlehre in zwei Rechtskulturen [ New Media and Legal Reasoning in Two Legal Cultures ] ' in Z. Kitagawa et al ( Eds. ) Das Recht vor der Herausfordering eines neuen Jahrhunderts [ Law Before the Challenge of a New Century ] ( Tuebingen : Mohr Siebeck ) p 3. Nasu , K. ( 1992 ) ' Bengoshi shoku o Meguru Jiyu to Tosei [ Freedoms and Regulations Regarding Lawyers ] ' in K. Miyakawa ( Ed .
To run a database portlet in full-page or portlet mode , you must have one of the following privileges : EXECUTE ALL PROVIDERS global privilege , or Execute or higher access privileges on the provider that owns the database portlet , or Execute or higher access privileges on the database portlet .
The look and feel of the database portlet can be set for each mode using options on the Display Options tab of the database portlet build wizard , as shown below .
UI template sets the look and feel of the page on which a standalone database portlet appears .
This allows you to browse and select from our range in the usual manner and then set up a standing order of coffees at an interval of your choosing - weekly , fortnightly or monthly .
Thereafter , we process the order at the nominated time and only take funds from your credit or debit card just before shipment - and for that shipment only .
percentages you are paying on most of your credit cards .
Credit cards can run 16 % to 28 % Debt Consolidation Loan - Forbes.com Debt Consolidation Loans - Find practical information on how to settle debt , as well as cheap debt .. .
TDK DVD-R and DVD+R ( jewel case ) ï Recordable DVDs ( + and - formats ) with branded TDK face .
Speed - up to 16x. ï Can be used with corresponding PC DVD burners and DVD video recorders Click for prices ... TDK DVD-RW and DVD+RW ( jewel case ) ï ReWritable DVDs ( + and - formats ) with branded TDK face .
Can be re-written up to 1000 times ï Can be used with corresponding PC DVD burners and DVD video recorders Click for prices ... TDK Scratchproof DVD-R and DVD+R ( video case or jewel case ) ï Scratch resistant - the surface is so hard you could clean it with kitchen-grade steel wool without risking your recording. ï Recordable DVDs ( + and - formats ) with branded TDK face. ï Capacity - 4.7 GB , ( 6 hrs digital video ) ï Rec .
Click for prices ... TDK Scratchproof DVD-RW and DVD+RW ( video case or jewel case ) ï Scratch resistant - the surface is so hard you could clean it with kitchen-grade steel wool without risking your recording. ï ReWritable DVDs ( + and - formats ) with branded TDK face. ï Capacity - 4.7 GB , ( 6 hrs digital video ) ï Rec .
Click for prices ... TDK DVD+R Double Layer 8.5 Gb ( jewel case ) ï Recordable DVD+Rs with branded TDK face .
Additionally , retired people who live at home , rather than in managed care facilities are more likely to take an active role in family and community affairs and volunteer programmes .
Therefore whenever possible , we must do what we can to ensure independence not only for the sake of the individual , but also to avoid emotional and physical stress and financial burden on near and dear ones .
Innovative medicines not only add years to life but life to years .
Notes for Guidance Annual Report Form Protocol & Audit Report Forms Audit Schedule List of Local Authority Notified Bodies Europa NANDO Information System ‚Äì notified bodies Annual Reports and Audits are submitted to the following email address notified.bodies@nwml.gov.uk If you wish to speak to someone at NWML regarding any of the above , please contact a member of the enforcement team on 020 8943 7272 .
A section of the report ( beginning on page 516 ) covers agricultural biotechnology and the use of biotech plants to combat hunger .
They are essential elements in the development of sustainable agricultural systems capable of feeding not only the eighth of the world 's population that is now hungry , but also meeting the future needs of the growing world population .
To make the best use of these new technologies and the agricultural management opportunities they create is a moral challenge for scientists and governments throughout the world .
Reach out your hand , take mine .
But if I can be helpful you only have to say !
Use a cake tin with a detachable bottom or line a normal tin with foil so that the cake can be lifted out .
Mix the coffee and rum together and dip the sponge fingers into the mixture for a few seconds until moist .
This also remains and , while initially amusing , does become somewhat tiresome when you 're attempting to actually get some proper racing done during the career mode .
It 's a real challenge keeping your vehicle on the track in the first place due to the twitchy nature of the controls but , while bursting through metal sheets and minor constructions is enormously satisfying , being sent spiralling off the track just for trading paint at the wrong time is highly frustrating .
For example , being challenged to catapult your driver as high as possible or at a target are the kinds of objectives in which the game 's engine revels in .
It really should be emphasised that the relatively basic graphics do n't actually harm the game in any way -- we 'd much rather a sacrifice in unnecessarily showy effects in favour of the versatility of the engine but , saying that , the driver still looks like a stuffed dummy when flying through the air .
There 's no getting away from the fact that FlatOut 2 is damned good fun , and will bring you back to the days of Destruction Derby and its ilk .
However , as much as we appreciate the tweaks -- and that 's really all they are -- to the first game , there are still a few too many fundamental flaws which bring out a wail of frustration or a tut as you consider how easily certain annoyances could have been avoided .
As it stands though , FlatOut " 1.5 " is a cheap ( but sadly not quite budget ) and cheerful alternative to Burnout which , rather like its predecessor , ca n't quite accelerate out of the " nearly , but not quite " car park of quality .
Broadband price cut could give spur to home shopping ( Mar 2002 ) Texaco 's RelayStar aims to shake up drop-off market ( Mar 2002 ) Offline browsing ' enhances home shopping appeal ' ( Mar 2002 ) Online shoppers ' happy to buy across borders ' ( Mar 2002 ) Streets Online in drop-box promotion ( Mar 2002 ) Study aims to benchmark home deliveries ( Mar 2002 ) Payment via mobile phones ' coming soon ' ( Mar 2002 ) Smaller companies targeted by emerging fourth-party logistics service ( Mar 2002 ) Courier hosting service links with online exchange ( Mar 2002 ) Voice-activated mobile browsing from NetDespatch ( Mar 2002 ) ' Punch-out ' figures strongly in Key Web site ( Mar 2002 ) Forward bookings and ancillary services from Spacebuster ( Mar 2002 ) Teflon dons move into transport portals ( Mar 2002 ) CargoSmart links with Logistics.com ( Mar 2002 ) Microlise moves closer to supply-chain centre stage ( Mar 2002 ) Real-time alerts in latest Dispatcher-WMS ( Mar 2002 ) Calidus-Connect takes OBS into outsourced market ( Mar 2002 ) Lilly aims to attract with visible WMS ( Mar 2002 ) Manhattan adds execution , launches Windows-based WMS ( Mar 2002 ) Epicor reinforces supply-chain capability ( Mar 2002 ) Indigo unveils high-end WMS ( Mar 2002 ) More supply-chain integration in Maginus suite ( Mar 2002 ) Hosted hub for fast online catalogue creation ( Mar 2002 ) E-billing and e-procurement from Aquitec ( Mar 2002 ) ' Perpetual licence ' for software suite ( Mar 2002 ) Real-time links and enhanced charting in TruckStops ( Mar 2002 ) Rush-hour modelling and carrier selection from Optrak ( Mar 2002 ) Scaleable fleet management system ( Mar 2002 ) Fleetstar fleet management system finds new owner ( Mar 2002 ) Real-time route calculation ( Mar 2002 ) Psion commits to mobile computing ( Mar 2002 ) Features Back to the future ?
New thinking on product returns ( Mar 2002 ) Drop off , pop in and pick up - focus on Collectpoint 's unattended delivery solution ( Mar 2002 ) Business Express - why the third-party route brings mutual benefits ( Mar 2002 ) How Cott kept the soft drinks flowing ( Mar 2002 ) Mobile computing - the building blocks are in place ( Mar 2002 ) Web services and the .NET initiative stride into logistics software market ( Mar 2002 ) © Copyright Spice Court Publications Ltd 2002 Courier hosting service links with online exchange Couriers using the hosted online despatch system from ticHost , a new brand adopted by TheInternetCourier , can now place traffic or capacity directly on the Internet trading hub operated by Courier Exchange .
The system uses a handset incorporating Cerocom 's own mobile communications modem , which is said to be the first to offer GSM and GPRS capability with integrated input/output capability .
Language English and Media Centre KS3 series : teacher 's guide Le tour de France Ten French games : dix jeux francais Ten German games : zehn Deutsche Spiele Ten Spanish games : diez Juegos Espanoles Mathematics The essential companion to GCSE maths 98-99 - Includes interactive questions and answers providing tips and advice , and allows students to take customised exams and create study schedules .
I love maths Maths explorer : data handling - For Key Stage 2. Maths explorer : shape and space Pass your GCSE maths Science British birds - Database of 248 British birds , with images , descriptive text and sound clips .
London Docklands - For Key Stages 2 to 4. Violent earth - A multimedia experience of natural disasters around the world , featuring volcanic eruptions , hurricanes , tornadoes , flash floods etc. History Eyewitness history of the world - Interactive historical encyclopedia , with animations , video sequences , and audio clips .
For key stage 2. Infant/Junior The jolly post office - Educational games and activities , based on the Ahlberg 's Jolly postman books , for ages 4-8 .
News : It 's all square as rivals roll out the barrels News : Neale faces new inquiry evidence News : Helicopter ' bombs ' blazing moorland News : The last stand News : YEP power re-homes mum-to-be News : Amazing Jane does the marathon double News : Window cleaner turned life saver News : Flight of terror at 33,000ft News : School swap plea News : ' Help us stop more runaway children ' News : Inner-city eyesores to get a green makeover News : Despair as gran ' loses ' park badge Sports Headlines : Boss is Wild about Andy Sports Headlines : Too little , too late for play-offs Sports Headlines : Timely Gain in topsy turvy Emley season Sports Headlines : Terriers stay alive with Smith strike Sports Headlines : Hoddle impressed by new United resolve Sports Headlines : Battling players win the respect of boss Reid Sports Headlines : Leeds pass test of their attitude Sports Headlines : Viduka : We did enough to beat Spurs Sports Headlines : Dale boss stays calm as relegation looms Comments : LGI blunder cannot be kept secret Comments : Yorkshire rises to the challenge Features : Backing into the limelight The End Column : Car outing hijacked by a goat Letters to the Editor : Time to build the peace Letters to the Editor : Too much for the young Letters to the Editor : Bottle find Letters to the Editor : Arriva gets it right Letters to the Editor : Barbaric landmark Letters to the Editor : Road to recovery for Leeds industry Features : Fighting for fuel ?
With 93 overs bowled on the first day , Jon Lewis was able to take the new ball at the start of play and shared it with Averis .
1 ) Tulip E-Go Diamond ñ US$350,000 laptop ( more... ) 2 ) Hot-swappable micro Fuel Cell System can run laptop for two days ( more... ) 3 ) The future of the human-computer interface ( more... ) 4 ) Samsung to release radical 19 inch Notebook in October ( more... ) 5 ) Holographic storage demonstrates 515 Gigabits Per Square Inch Data Density ( more... ) 6 ) MYPCE - very ergonomic workstation ( more... ) 7 ) orbiTouch sliding keyboard offers keyless typing ( more... ) 8 ) Product Evaluation : Maltron Keyboard ( more... ) 9 ) Unlimited storage on the way .
( more... ) 10 ) Another carbon fibre ultra-lightweight laptop ( more... ) 11 ) FlipStart - World 's Smallest , Always-Connected Windows PC ( more... ) 12 ) Ferrari 4000 Carbon Fiber notebook ( more... ) 13 ) Holographic Versatile Disc ( HVD ) Alliance to promote One Terrabyte Data Disks ( more... ) 14 ) Lenovo shows concept PCs behind closed doors ( more... ) 15 ) Live pictures in 3D without glasses ( more... ) 16 ) The keyboard with two rear vision mirrors !
( more... ) 20 ) World 's first PC with NAND flash-based solid state disk ( more... ) Choose A gizmag Section Aero Gizmo Around The Home Automotive Baby Gizmo Cameras and Imaging Childsplay ecoGizmo Electronics Games Good Thinking Health and Wellbeing Holiday Destinations Home Entertainment Inventors and Remarkable People Latest News Military Mobile Technology Motorcycles On the Water Outdoors Personal Computing Pet Gizmos Portable Entertainment Research Watch Robotics Science and Education Spy Gear Telecommunications Urban Transport Wearable Electronics Personal Computing ( About ) Subscribe to this section as an RSS feed GO : HP to offer 30-inch diagonal wide-aspect screen ( ID : 6122 ) September 7 , 2006 According to IDC , business PCs , monitors , printers and other peripherals will continue to comprise well over half of the worldwide hardware spend through 2010 , which could total nearly $ 1.4 trillion between 2007 and 2010 .
The specifications of the new screen can be seen here and a detailed image of the all black monster can be seen here .
With built-in touch-sensitive controls and a backlit display that shows digital-music track information , a clock , volume and more , these trophy speakers are meant to be touched and seen -- in addition to filling a room with studio-quality sound .
Everything here via RedFerret ( more... ) GO : Logitech announces new mice with hyper-fast scrolling ( ID : 6060 ) August 24 , 2006 It just might be a major breakthrough in PC navigation , though we wo n't know until we 've tried it but the claim is credible .
Featuring a framed display with a transparent border for a stunning , floating effect , the LS1 model packs the essentials for powerful computing into a slim chassis discreetly hidden behind the back of a flat-panel 19-inch WSXGA+ ( 1680 x 1050 ) LCD display .
The CS-D is 1.25 inches wide , 0.375 inches thick , and 2.5 inches long including the cover but does NOT use flash memory , employing a miniature shock-mounted one-inch hard drive .
( more... ) GO : The IBM PC was released 25 years ago today ( ID : 5991 ) August 12 , 2006 It 's just 25 years ago today since the revolution started .
It is hard to believe , given so much has happened as a direct result , but it 's just 25 years ago today that the IBM 5150 Personal Computer hit the shelves for the princely sum of US$1565 ( more than US$4000 in equivalent 2006 dollars ) .
The software was developed to provide freedom from the onscreen or QWERTY keyboard found on most computers and the use of a hand held input device eliminates these problems by putting the keyboard/mouse in the palm of your hand .
( ID : 5947 ) August 4 , 2006 The Phantom Lapboard is a combination wireless keyboard , wireless optical mouse , one-touch features , programmable keys and flat surface that enables easy use of a computer while seated in a lounge chair .
The HD video and picture quality for advanced graphic design and realistic visuals is perfect for gaming and HD movie presentation .
( more... ) GO : New Intel processors deliver record performance and consume less power ( ID : 5922 ) July 28 , 2006 Intel , the world 's number one chipmaker yesterday unveiled 10 Intel Core 2 Duo and Intel Core 2 Extreme processors for consumer and business desktop and laptop PCs and workstations , reshaping how computers perform , look , consume power , sound and produce heat .
( more... ) GO : Bite-sized Micro Vault USB Drive ( ID : 5875 ) July 17 , 2006 Personal storage devices continue to get smaller as can be seen from this picture of Sony 's " byte-sized " Micro Vault Tiny drive family .
About the thickness of a quarter , Micro Vault Tiny differs from its peers on several fronts , the most obvious being its tiny size , and five color-coded capacities -- 256MB ( orange ) , 512MB ( violet ) , 1GB ( blue ) , 2GB ( green ) and 4GB ( purple ) .
Measuring roughly 1/2 inch wide and just over one inch long , the unit comes packaged in a clip-on carry case that can be worn as an accessory , attaching to a cell phone case , purse strap , key chain , or clipped onto a notebook cover .
The Powered Shoes are just one of a number of projects designed to enable a person to realistically move through a virtual world without needing to move from the spot .
Working like reverse roller-skates , the Powered Shoes effectively cancel the horizontal displacement of the user as they are driven from electrical motors in a backpack worn by the user , enabling omni-directional walking while maintaining the wearer 's position .
( more... ) GO : The world 's most expensive mousemat ( ID : 5757 ) June 19 , 2006 It 's hard to imagine someone paying UKP260 ( US$481.55 ) for a mousemat but that 's exactly what punters will be able to do now that Formula 1 has developed its very own merchandising range .
Merchandising brings in millions to each of the 11 teams that compete in the world 's most expensive sport and most watched sporting series , so it was good sense to develop a whole range of polo shirts , watches and keyrings designed to reflect the stellar brand values and upmarket price tags that go along with the F1 circus .
Slightly cheaper but looking perhaps even more the part is a solid carbon fibre mousemat ( there is n't a square millimetre of leather anywhere near a Formula One car or driver ) which sells for UKP250 ( US$463 ) but unfortunately , the beautiful carbon fibre weave surface is n't compatible with optical mouses ñ so make sure you check the image library so you get the right one ñ it 'd be a shame to sell the kids for a mousemat that was n't compatible with your Microsoft Mouse .
The research showed that the world 's population is quite keen to avail itself of the personal communication possibilities of the personal computer and the global network .
( more... ) GO : Intel demonstrates education notebook PC for developing nations ( ID : 5583 ) May 4 , 2006 Intel today took aim at the next million people who do not yet have computers when President and Chief Executive Officer Paul Otellini gave a speech at the World Congress on Information Technology .
Otellini said the multiplying effects of computers , the Internet and education can double the reach of technology 's benefits worldwide in the next 5 years. ìWe 're close to achieving Andy Grove 's vision of a billion connected PCs ñ and the economic , social and personal gains that come with them,î said Otellini , referring to the Intel co-founder and former CEO. ìOur job now is to harness the combined potential of full-featured technology , high-speed connectivity and effective education to speed the gains for the next billion people ñ and the next billion after that.î At the event in Austin , Otellini also gave the first public demonstration of a low-cost notebook PC for students in developing nations and announced a plan with the Mexican government to provide PCs to 300,000 teachers .
( more... ) GO : Motorola 's ingenious Bluetooth Skype and stereo music headphones ( ID : 5477 ) April 7 , 2006 The Motorola Talk & Tunes Wireless Internet Calling Kit is just incredibly clever and useful and we think everyone will want a pair .
It 's strange that we should be given such an insight into the direction of a Japanese computer company through a design exhibition in Milan , but the thrust of the message is that Fujitsu is clearly focussing on clever design to offer smaller yet fully functional devices .
There 's also an ultramobile PC with a clever fold-up keyboard and a beautiful flexible PC which can be set up as a tablet computer , a laptop , or a desktop computer .
( ID : 5430 ) March 30 , 2006 If you 're looking for a set of superior speakers for your PC that is suitable to someone of your lofty station in life , then perhaps the Bang & Olufsen BeoLab 4 loudspeakers might be just the trick .
The new Belkin Flip lets you share one monitor , keyboard , and mouse between two computers , allowing business professionals to take home their work laptop and easily plug it into their home setup or a dozen other scenarios .
The format is a response to market research which has identified an apparently unmet consumer need for small , easy to use , rewritable media with storage density higher than the old floppy diskettes , but lower than that of personal USB flash drives typically used today .
( more... ) GO : New product obtains legally-binding , forensically-identifiable signatures without special hardware , software or downloads ( ID : 5335 ) March 9 , 2006 Verification solutions provider 3PV has launched an electronic signature called AssureSign that permits anyone with a computer to sign one or more documents securely over the Internet in a matter of minutes using their mouse .
( more... ) GO : The first left-handed mouse - shaped , cordless , laser , US$60 ( ID : 5331 ) March 9 , 2006 Roughly 13 % of the population is left-handed , meaning there are around 850 million people on planet earth with a preference for using their left hand for a variety of tasks , including throwing , pointing , catching and presumably , using a computer .
Astonishingly , there has never been a mouse designed just for left handed computer users until Logitech announced its MX610 left-hand Laser Cordless Mouse at CeBIT today .
A brochure for the UltraCell UC25 can be downloaded Ö ( more... ) GO : USB Traffic Control secures company network endpoints ( ID : 5304 ) March , 3 2006 In a world where portable storage devices such as USB Flash Drives , digital cameras and MP3 players are virtually everywhere , the theft of data through a simple connection of such a device to a company PC via a USB Port has become daily reality .
USB Traffic Control is a network administration tool that gives corporations control over what data is leaving or accessing their network through the USB Port ( more... ) GO : Lenovo debuts new robust self-reliant PCs ( ID : 5251 ) February 24 , 2006 Lenovo has unveiled the first-ever Lenovo-branded PCs to be offered worldwide , the Lenovo 3000 product family , one of the first truly international PC brands .
With this solution , the user interface of the computer -- the keyboard , mouse , monitors , audio peripherals , and graphics hardware -- are separated from the rest of the computer by up to 250 meters ( 820 feet ) of fiber-optic cable .
With this product , the critical parts of the computer like the disks , memory , and processors can be kept in a separate , safe , secure room .
( more... ) GO : ViewSonic announces one millisecond video response time LCD ( ID : 5169 ) February 8 , 2006 ñ ViewSonic today announced the development of a new LCD technology that will herald the arrival of LCD monitors with a one millisecond ( MS ) response time .
In recent times we 've seen many different form factors for this , with several VOIP telephone/mouse combinations and multitudinous USB and wireless VOIP handsets and now computer peripherals specialist A4 Tech has announced it will debut a new Talky multimedia keyboard with built-in VOIP handset at CEBIT in Hannover , Germany on March 9. ( more... ) GO : Lenovo shows concept PCs behind closed doors ( ID : 5164 ) February 7 , 2006 A few weeks ago as CES 2006 was drawing to a close , Gizmag 's Dave Weinstein and Rob Walker were invited to a closed door meeting with some of Lenovo 's top designers .
From time to time we get a chance to peek into the future and get a glimpse at the gear we may possibly be using a year ( or five ) from now , and the preview we received from Lenovo was one of the most promising demonstrations we 've seen in a very long time .
Unfortunately , since some of the device prototypes demonstrated were top secret , we were told that we could write about them , but could n't take pictures .
Accordingly , though we can show you some pictures , we 'll do our best to describe what we 've seen and you 'll have to fill in the blanks with your imagination .
( more... ) GO : World 's first automated Blu-ray Disc Publishing System ( ID : 5160 ) February 7 , 2006 Primera has announced what we believe to be the world 's first automated burn and print device to support new high-capacity Blu-ray Disc recorders and media .
Apparently , the world 's growing access to digital information is seeing storage needs growing dramatically in every area , from humble personal computers , to network enterprise storage - In 2005 , data stored on disk arrays grew more than 70 % .
( more... ) GO : The three-key mini-keyboard with OLED screen on each key ( ID : 5152 ) February 5 , 2006 Last July we wrote about the Optimus keyboard from Russian design studio Art.Lebedev ñ the keyboard uses OLED technology so that every key is a stand-alone display showing exactly what it is controlling at that moment .
The E Ink display is a paper-thin , shatter proof , easy-to-read meter that 's non-volatile in that it does not rely on power to show the capacity information when disconnected from the computer .
The world 's first mobile phone virus was detected in June 2004 ñ ( a ìwormî known as Cabir which infects Symbian OS phones and devices ) and as home networks proliferate , it is quite possible that your house will one day be infected .
In recent times , the small size and growing importance of portable storage has already seen a lightning fast adoption rate leading to a remarkable diversity in the form factors of portable drives ñ wrist bands , key chains , and now a card holding up to 2GB that is designed to fit into a wallet and at the same time offer an advertising and promotional medium with substantial advertising space ñ the Walletex Wallet Flash 1.1 , is the world 's first credit card-sized wallet flash drive ( the marketers have coined their own acronym ñ WFD ñ but we suspect this will not become part of everyday language ) .
The Judges ' Award went to a doozie of a design named Bookshelf that was developed by two Purdue University industrial designers ( more... ) GO : ElekTex Smart Fabric keyboard goes wireless ( ID : 5048 ) January 16 , 2006 Let 's get one thing straight before we start ñ we hate the QWERTY keyboard .
It was invented some time in the 1860s yet still exists today as the principal Computer Human Interface ( CHI ) and the main limitation we face every day in getting information into computers , as it was designed a century before humanity knew diddly about CHI design .
It makes computers bigger than they need to be , is responsible for more lower back , shoulder and RSI pain than seems right , and Ö well , because we 're old dogs , and have trouble learning new tricks , we appear stuck with this technological curse .
( more... ) GO : Apple introduces ( 4X faster ) MacBook Pro with Intel Core Duo Processor ( ID : 5020 ) January 11 , 2006 After months of speculation , Apple today unveiled its new MacBook Pro notebook computer featuring the new Intel Core Duo processor ñ more importantly , it confirmed what everyone already had read , that the new computer delivers up to four times the performance of the PowerBook G4 .
It also has a completely unique feature ñ a Ferrari badge and the guarantee your desktop will be as up-to-date and stylish as possible ñ for US$600 .
Though the screen has yet to find a home , it 's only a matter of time as the laptop is one of the very few areas of computing that gets bigger and smaller as time goes by , as there are many people who value additional screen real estate as it promotes greater productivity .
Single-layer Blu-ray Discs have 25 GB of storage capacity for holding video and other data , while current DVD discs have 8.5 GB of storage at most .
The environment created by MYPCE turns the idea of a computer workstation station inside out , making users the centrepiece of a personalised , ultra-comfy command centre , designed on the premise that the traditional desk and office environment is a detriment to employee health and productivity .
You can have up to three LCD monitors and serious shake-your-fillings-out 6.1 surround sound and an ideal environment for gaming , surfing and interacting with the rest of the world on-line .
We see one of the ultimate evolutions of this machine as a workstation but it 's a bit restricted at the moment cos there 's no-where to leave a mess Ö oh , sorry , err , that 's one of the advantages .
We 've recently written about the Panasonic Toughbook 's role in an Everest ascent , and as more people take computers into hostile environments , ruggedised computers will become a robust and established market segment with Panasonic 's Toughbook and ruggedised computer specialist Itronix the lead players .
( more... ) GO : Samsung to release radical 19 inch Notebook in October ( ID : 4500 ) August 29 , 2005 Samsung will debut a promising new notebook concept at the upcoming IFA Consumer Electronics Show in Berlin which opens September 2. It would be easy to accuse Samsung of continuing to play the same ìmine 's bigger than yoursî game it plays with camera phones , but the details emerging surrounding the new 19 inch notebook suggest it is indeed a new portable computer paradigm .
The M70 will be a logical desktop replacement for those with big screen needs as the screen can be removed and has a dock which enables it to stand upright , giving the notebook two personalities ñ one as a large ìlaptop for use in transit and the other as a conveniently transportable desktop which can have discrete components .
Three days ago we wrote about all the ( clever but ) weird keyboards we 'd written about recently when we covered Logitech 's G15 Keyboard , listing no less than nine different , interesting keyboards that help solve some of the many problems associated with a device that was designed 137 years ago .
Indeed , in the short space of three days , we 've had half a dozen readers write to us saying , ìhey , you should write about this cool keyboard.î Well , we 've fudged it slightly by bundling the new lot all together , but if you follow this link you 'll see a new keyboard replacement for controlling model trains , a vertical ergonomic keyboard with rear vision mirrors ( so you can see the keys ) and a bunch of different programmable key pads that can be used for almost any set of tasks you can think of .
The array of powerful DVR-like functions even let you listen to earlier parts of the same radio show that you are in the process of recording .
( more... ) GO : Logitech 's G15 Keyboard with adjustable-tilt LCD display and extra programmable keys ( ID : 4421 ) August 13 , 2005 For a technology almost certainly destined for the scrapheap as some people might have you believe , the keyboard is sure getting a lot of attention .
As the whole world has found out about Apple thanks to the iPod , there are still those who harbour some hope that Apple 's operating system will again see double figure percentages of the installed base , and some who dream of even more .
A fortnight ago Acer showed its Ferrari 4000 Carbon Fiber notebook , now MPC has joined with its own high-powered notebook with carbon fibre lid .
( more... ) GO : Ferrari 4000 Carbon Fiber notebook ( ID : 4100 ) June 2 , 2005 In terms of high tech brands , Ferrari and Acer make quite a quinella .
Like almost everything else that can be made in carbon fibre , it looks much better when it is made in carbon fibre because you can see the weave of the carbon fibre from which the casing is constructed .
The original idea arose to develop a product from the perspective of a woman that at first glance looks more like a fashion accessory than a notebook .
Docking stations , for example , are proprietary and work with only one specific laptop model .
Given that the world is full of hunt-and-peck typists , this would seem to be an idea with plenty of potential as the keyboard remains the predominant input device for the ever-increasing number of computers .
The Das Keyboard inventors also claim ìit is amazing how slow typers almost double their speed and quick typers become blazing fast!î And what a statement about yourself for all to see .
( more... ) GO : New Haptic Interface Device Adds Sense of Touch to PCs ( ID : 3721 ) February 19 , 2005 Novint Technologies has released details of a new haptic interface device for computers that will , the Novint Falcon , which brings interactive three dimensional touch to the consumer mass market .
The Novint Falcon , coupled with the company 's 3D touch software , enables people to experience a realistic sense of touch on their computer , fundamentally transforming how they play and interact .
Holographic recording technology records data on discs in the form of laser interference fringes , enabling discs the same size as today 's DVDs to store more than one terabyte of data ( 200 times the capacity of a single layer DVD ) , with a transfer rate of over one gigabit per second ( 40 times the speed of DVD ) .
Just two-inches tall and weighing only 1.3 kilograms ( 2.9 pounds ) , the Mac mini redefines design for the sub-US$1,000 desktop .
Mac mini offers the processing and graphics performance to take advantage of demanding consumer applications with either a 1.25 GHz or 1.42 GHz PowerPC G4 processor and ATI Radeon 9200 graphics with 32MB of dedicated DDR memory .
The OQO model 01 ' ultra ' personal computer has been coming out for a while - Gizmo 's own Dave Weinstein even visited the company to report on it 's progress .
Such devices have been coming to market from lesser-known manufacturers over the last 12 months but have not become mainstream as yet , largely because only the very earliest of adopters have embraced the concept .
( more... ) GO : The form factor of the future PC could be emerging ( ID : 3160 ) The form factor for a future generation of personal computers may be emerging as two new projection technologies promise to overcome the remaining major stumbling blocks to miniaturisation - the screen and the keyboard .
( more... ) GO : Apple Unveils the New iMac G5 ( ID : 3155 ) Apple has released the first pics and information on the next generation iMac , featuring the high-performance G5 processor and a new design that integrates the entire computer into the flat panel display .
The radically simple design is aimed at illiterate users and aims for a ONE minute learning time .
( more... ) GO : bSQUARE Power Handheld reaches UK marketplace ( ID : 2419 ) A new kind of " Power Handheld " that integrates a full VGA screen , retractable QWERTY thumb-operated keyboard and wireless data acces via GPRS networks has been released on the UK market after a deal between smart device specialists bSQUARE and Vodafone .
( more... ) GO : Groundbreaking new Singing Synthesis software ( ID : 2401 ) VOCALOID is a new Singing Synthesis Software developed by YAMAHA that generates authentic singing sounds using lyrics and notes entered into a computer by the composer - meaning that full voice parts can be created without the need for a singer .
( more... ) GO : Tiny USB device enables TV viewing on Computer ( ID : 2332 ) Saturday November 8 , 2003 : The USTV-1 is a windows-compatible TV tuner that connects to your PC or laptop via USB ( version 2.0 or 1.1 ) and is bundled with " Feather-X " software to enable television playback and recording on computer .
( more... ) GO : Multi-tasking monitor uses dual flat-panels ( ID : 2328 ) Friday November 7 , 2003 : DoubleSight is a uniquely designed dual LCD monitor that employs two 15-inch flat panels mounted side-by-side on a single base to provide 24 by 9 inches of screen real-estate despite a relatively small desktop footprint .
After nearly three years in the marketplace , the PS2's position at the top of the gaming console tree has remained at a minimum of 2 to 1 in terms sales over its nearest competitors according to Sony ... ( more... ) GO : WACOM Graphire3 Tablet adds to interface options ( ID : 2278 ) Sunday October 19 , 2003 : For those in some professions ( dentistry , medical , video editing , 3D , special effects and almost all the graphic arts ) , there is now a new and viable alternative click and point tool to be used in conjunction with the mouse - the pressure-sensitive tablet .
( more... ) GO : Hand-portable fuel cell power-pack ( ID : 2273 ) Monday October 20 , 2003 : A briefcase-sized portable fuel cell system that provides 110v or 50 Hz AC mains supply and 12v DC battery charging has been unveiled at the Grove Fuel Cell event in London .
The recently-released Red Sheriff 2003 Australian Internet Report underlines the progressive change in the role of the Internet from a recreational activity to more of a functional role ... ( more... ) GO : HP introduces powerful new Financial Calculator ( ID : 2245 ) Tuesday October 7 , 2003 : With 250 built-in functions including the ability to track more than 1,000 cash flows , calculate four types of depreciation or handle complex equations provided by the user , the 17bII+ is the most powerful financial calculator in HP 's current line-up .
( more... ) GO : 3G Cameraphones lead growth in global mobile phone market ( ID : 2172 ) Tuesday September 9 , 2003 : After a year of strong growth beyond 460 million units , the worldwide mobile phone market will surpass 500 million units for the first time in 2004 according to a new forecast from global market intelligence firm IDC .
The phones come with a preconfigured number and by sharing this number with others SIP phone users you can communicate by phone while only paying for Internet access .
Capable of storing files of up to 32MB , the Memory Mouse enables users to transfer data onto PC or Mac ... ( more... ) GO : New solution for disabling stolen laptops ( ID : 2104 ) Monday August 11 , 2003 : Phoenix Technologies have released a new software application designed to disable and recover any stolen desktop or notebook running a Windows Operating System .
Currently at demonstration stage , the project by researchers at the University of Tsukuba in Japan utilizes a mechanical linkage designed to fit to the mouth ... ( more... ) GO : Maxell Digital Pen to use Anoto system ( ID : 2098 ) Thursday August 7 , 2003 : Maxell have announced the introduction of a " digital pen " based on the Anoto system .
The pen stores everything you write on the specially imprinted pad in digital format by sending it directly to computer via a Bluetooth link .
( more... ) GO : Palm release new Tungsten T2 Handheld ( ID : 2074 ) Wednesday July 23 , 2003 : Palm have released the latest addition to the Tungsten handheld range - the T2 - featuring twice the storage capacity of the original Tungsten T , improved screen-resolution and integrated Bluetooth and voice-recording capabilities .
( more... ) GO : In-air mouse lets you leave the desk behind ( ID : 2066 ) The Ultra GT Cordless Optical Mouse features a its unique " in-air " motion-sensing capability that allows the user to accurately control the cursor with movements more akin to waving a wand than using a mouse .
( more... ) GO : All-in-one multimedia PC on a massive scale ( ID : 2017 ) Saturday June 28 , 2003 : It 's the type of big screen you would expect to find on the wall of an impressive home cinema , but the TEK PANEL 300 is actually and all-in-one multimedia computer that offers 76cm of screen real estate in a slim-line design just 12.5cm thick .
( more... ) GO : Wet PC underwater computing ( ID : 1915 ) Originally conceived and developed at the Australian Institute of Marine Science ( AIMS ) , the WetPC underwater computer combines a comprises a miniature PC with a mask-mounted virtual display and a unique 5-button chordic graphical user interface ... ( more... ) GO : Kitty virtual keyboard solution ( ID : 1903 ) The increasing power , efficiency and miniaturisation of personal computing devices has sparked a transformation in the way we look at inputting data - cumbersome keyboards are definitely out and speech recognition systems are not yet successful enough to offer a seamless alternative .
The 17-inch screen displays 1440 x 900 pixels in a widescreen 16:10 aspect ratio and a 1 GHz PowerPC G4 processor , new high-speed architecture ... ( more... ) GO : Polygraph no match for new lie detecting technique ( ID : 1735 ) A new technique developed by scientists at Manchester Metropolitan University that interprets facial gestures could be the most accurate ' lie detector ' yet discovered .
A broad industry initiative aimed at injecting new life into the PC market and involving many of the big hardware , software and component manufacturers , the concept was to create a device as powerful as a desktop and more portable than a laptop with a wider range of interfacing options .
When selecting a potential partner it is critical that you chose a company that fits your own corporate vision and objectives .
Although maybe a " soft " consideration , it is important to have confidence in your partner to understand your business and grow and develop with you .
On top of all of the business reasons why you may want to outsource your service operations , the over-riding factor that you have to take into consideration is ; Will my customers be happy with the service they receive ?
Excellence in customer service has to be the pre-requisite - but it 's an easier concept to talk about than it is to achieve What 's in the market place to help you ensure that you choose the right partner ?
It looks not only at the delivery of service , but how it is measured and monitored ; how the management of the service function is targeted , rewarded and incentivised , and also how the corporate aims of the service function mirror that of it 's client ( whether they be internal or external ) .
This standard works equally well whether you are an internal provider of customer service/telemarketing with , say , the Marketing department as your customer , or as a third-party supplier of these services .
The standard was primarily developed for five reasons : The companies who outsourced their customer service activities were very dissatisfied with the performance of their existing call centre/customer service providers , quoting " They 're not delivering what they promised " .
As well as being a standard to judge the provision of service by , COPC-2000 is in reality a performance management tool which when implemented leads to benefits in a number of area 's .
The standard bearer for the customer service industry has arrived - let it help you choose the right outsourcing partner , and improve your own operations into the bargain .
Horsham District Council will use our report to help it to improve the services that it provides to local people .
Pharmaceuticals The pharmaceutical industry 's need for reliable production without interruption , together with hygienic and gentle processing , puts great demands on Johnson Pump AB as a supplier of suitable products .
